the cytoplasmic domain of human pag contains 10 potential sites for tyrosine phosphorylation .	fact
coexpression experiments performed in cos cells and	method
analysis of various jurkat variants suggest that the src family ptk lck might be responsible for basal tyrosine phosphorylation of pag in t cells ( fig. 4b and fig. c ) .	implication
6 of the 10 tyrosines are found within three	result
signaling motifs exhibiting some similarity to itam sequences , but with longer central stretches of aa than in typical itams .	result
consistent with these itam-like sequence motifs , in vitro pull-down assays using recombinant gst-sh2 domains revealed	result
that pag is capable of binding the tandem sh2 domains of zap70 and syk ( fig. 7 a ) .	implication
however , we have not as yet observed a direct interaction between pag and these two ptks ( or other tandem sh2 domain-containing signaling molecules such as shp-1 or shp-2 ) ,	result
even after pervanadate treatment of cells .	result
these findings might indicate	implication
that unknown signaling molecules exist whose tandem sh2 domains require different spacing between the two tyrosines for binding .	implication

the cytoplasmic domain of pag contains a potential palmitoylation site ( cssc ) directly adjacent to the transmembrane domain .	fact
to determine whether pag is palmitoylated in vivo	goal
raji b cells were biosynthetically labeled with 3 [ h ] palmitate , lysed in laurylmaltoside-containing buffer , and subjected to anti-pag immunoprecipitation .	method
as shown in fig. 6 c	result
pag is expressed as a palmitoylated polypeptide .	result
identical results were obtained in jurkat t cells ( not shown ) ,	result
although the radioactive signal was much weaker than in raji cells ( obviously because jurkat cells express much lower amounts of pag ) .	result

activation of the pi3k/akt pathway by francisella has not been previously reported .	problem
however , other intracellular pathogens such as salmonella enterica have been shown to modulate host cell phosphoinositide pathways and downstream akt activation [ 33 ] .	result
in the latter case , the functional consequence of phosphoinositide signaling is unclear .	problem
interestingly , pharmacologic inhibition of pi3k failed to prevent invasion of salmonella ,	result
suggesting that pi3k may not play a role in internalization of some intracellular pathogens , which use a type iii secretion-mediated mechanism to gain entry into the host cell [ 33,34 ] .	hypothesis
this is in contrast to receptor-mediated phagocytosis	fact
in which pi3k activation is critical .	fact

to directly establish the relevance of fyn and ptp-pest to wasp functions in t cells , the capacity of these effectors to modulate wasp effects on immunological synapse formation was also investigated	goal
using the ot-ii transgenic mice as well as mice expressing the ot-ii transgene on the fyn-/ - background .	method
as shown in fig. 5 c , stimulation of t cells from ot-ii tcr mice with ova peptide-pulsed apcs induced translocation of both wasp and fyn to the t cell-apc interface	result
where they colocalized with a region of intense actin accumulation demarcating the developing synapse .	result
three-dimensional reconstruction and 90degreesc rotation of the interface area confirmed published data indicating fyn to be concentrated centrally within the synapse ( 28 ) and revealed	result
wasp to be distributed between both the central and peripheral synaptic region .	implication
by contrast , synapse formation ,	result
as revealed by actin accumulation at the t cell-apc interface , was essentially not detectable in conjugates formed between fyn-/-/ot-ii cells and antigen-pulsed apcs ( fig. 5 c , c and e ) .	result
synapse formation was also found	result
to be impaired by the coexpression of ptp-pest with wasp in was-/-/ot-ii cells with percentages of synapses formed being at least 50 % lower than observed between apcs and wasp-expressing cells ( fig. 5 d , d ) .	result
as is consistent with the role of pstpip1 in coupling ptp-pest to wasp	result
the coincident expression of wasp , pstpip1 , and ptp-pest in these cells had an even more deleterious effect on synapse formation and , as with fyn deficiency , abrogated actin accumulation at the t cell-apc interface ( fig. 5 d , c and d ) .	result
these results are in agreement with published data indicating	result
that fyn and pstpip1 translocate to the t cell-apc contact region after tcr stimulation ( 5 , 28 ) and suggest that fyn and pstpip/ptp-pest colocalization with wasp within this region influences wasp capacity to evoke the actin polymerization and cytoskeletal change required for synapse formation .	result
thus , these data provide further evidence	implication
that fyn and ptp-pest effects on the tyrosine phosphorylation of wasp are critical to the induction of wasp effector activities required for t cell activation .	implication

peli proteins possess k63 ubiquitin ligase function 15-17 ,	fact
although their physiological role has remained unknown .	fact
the results presented in this paper demonstrate a critical role for peli1 in	implication
facilitating tlr3-stimulated activation of ikk and its downstream transcription factor nf-kappab .	implication
peli1 interacted with the trif-signaling adaptor kinase rip1 , and mediated rip1 ubiquitination , a key step in the trif-dependent ikk-signaling pathway .	fact
consequently , peli1 was required for tlr3-stimulated expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines and b cell activation .	result
peli1 was also important for tlr4-mediated gene induction ,	implication
although it was only partially required for lps-stimulated activation of ikk and nf-kappab .	implication
this result is reminiscent of the phenotype of trif - and rip1-deficient cells , and can be attributed to the involvement of both trif - and myd88-dependent pathways in tlr4-mediated ikk-nf-kappab activation 10 , 18 , 33 .	implication
our study further revealed	result
that , like rip1 , peli1 was dispensable for ikk-nf-kappab activation induced by il-1r and the myd88-dependent tlr2 and tlr9 .	result

fyn immunoprecipitates obtained from tcr-stimulated jurkat cells were washed in kinase buffer ( 20 mm hepes , ph 7.6 , 150 mm nacl , 5 mm mgcl2 , 5 mm mncl2 , 0.25 mm na3vo4 , 0.5 % nonidet p-40 , 0.1 mm 2-beta-mercaptoethanol )	method
and the complexes were incubated for 30 min at 30degreesc in kinase buffer containing 10 muci [ gamma-32p ] atp ( nen life science products ) with 5 mug gst , gst-wasp , gst-waspy291f , or gst-waspdeltapro fusion proteins .	method
samples were resuspended in laemmli buffer and resolved in 10 % sds-page gels .	method
after electrotransfer	method
to nitrocellulose , phosphorylated wasp was visualized by autoradiography .	method

lastly , we investigated	method
whether activity of the upstream promoter is modulated by tlp in etoposide-treated cells .	hypothesis
tlp knockdown resulted in a decrease in upstream promoter-driven mrna production ( fig. 6g , left two columns ) .	result
we found	result
that the net quantity of knockdown-directed decreased mrna production in etoposide-treated cells was twice as much as that obtained in normal cells ( fig. 6g , right two columns ) .	result
we have confirmed	result
that etoposide enhances transcription from the endogenous p21 upstream promoter [ 14,23 ] .	result
these situations suggest	implication
that etoposide-augmented promoter-recruited tlp , perhaps together with tfiia , works for activated transcription from the p21 upstream promoter .	implication

we have previously shown	result
that e3b1 binds to the proline-rich , cooh-terminal tail of sos-1 ( aa 1131-1333 ) ( scita et al. , 1999 ) , which also binds to the sh3 of grb2 ( li et al. , 1993 ; cussac et al. , 1994 ) .	result
thus , grb2 and e3b1 might compete for binding to sos-1 .	hypothesis
this hypothesis was validated by a series of experiments performed both in vitro and in vivo .	method
we could demonstrate that ( a ) the sh3 of grb2 , but not of eps8 , efficiently competed with the sh3 of e3b1 for binding to the proline-rich cooh-terminal tail of sos-1 in vitro ( fig. 2 b ) ; ( b ) the sos-1 peptide vpvpppvpprrr , known to constitute a grb2-sh3 binding site ( li et al. , 1993 ; cussac et al. , 1994 ) , competed equally well the binding of the cooh-terminal tail of sos-1 to the sh3s of grb2 or e3b1 ( fig. 2 c ) ; ( c ) the binding constants of the interaction between the proline rich cooh-terminal tail of sos-1 and the sh3 domains of grb2 and e3b1 were very similar ( fig. 2 d ) ; ( d ) overexpression of grb2 abolished the ability of gst-e3b1 to bind to native sos-1 ( fig. 3 a ) ; and ( e ) overexpression of e3b1 significantly decreased the coimmunoprecipitation between grb2 and sos-1 ( fig. 3 b ) .	result
thus , sos-1 binds either e3b1 or grb2 , in a mutually exclusive fashion ,	result
suggesting that two distinct pools of sos-1 exist in the cells .	implication

mouse irak clones were isolated from a 129/ola mouse genomic library .	method
a 7-kb bamhi-ecori dna fragment covering the first 9 exons of the mouse irak gene was used	method
to prepare the knockout construct .	method
a cassette containing a neomycin resistance gene was used	method
to replace a 940-bp region covering exon 5 to exon 7 of the gene .	method
a herpes simplex-thymidine kinase cassette was placed at the 3 ' end of the construct .	method
the dna construct was introduced into e14 embryonic stem cells by electroporation .	method
cells were cultured in the presence of 400 mug/ml g418 and 0.2 mum gancyclovir .	method
embryonic stem cells with the disrupted gene were detected by pcr and then confirmed by southern hybridization using a dna probe	method
flanking the 3 ' end of the construct .	method
chimeric mice were generated from embryos injected with embryonic stem cells .	method
germline mice were obtained from breeding of chimeric male mice with c57bl/6j females .	method
germline female mice heterozygous for the disrupted irak gene were identified by pcr .	method
irak-deficient male mice carrying only the disrupted irak gene were obtained from cross-breeding of heterozygous female mice with wild-type littermates .	method

focal adhesions are the sites of contact between the extracellular matrix and the cytoskeleton through the integrin family of transmembrane proteins ( burridge and chrzanowska-wodnicka , 1996 ) .	fact
they contain many structural proteins such as talin , tensin , and alpha-actinin , as well as tyrosine kinases such as focal adhesion kinase ( fak ) , 1 src , and csk ,	fact
that are activated upon extracellular matrix binding .	fact
multimeric protein complexes are then formed	fact
which contain many different adapter proteins , including p130cas , shc , grb2 , crk , and nck .	fact
these interactions confer an important role to focal adhesions in signal transduction pathways ( hanks and polte , 1997 ; schlaepfer et al. , 1997 ) .	fact
they also represent a major site of tyrosine phosphorylation in a cell , to a point	fact
where , following plating of cells on extracellular components , focal adhesions can be clearly visualized using antiphosphotyrosine antibodies .	goal
if the identification of proteins involved in the formation and disassembly of focal adhesion proceeds at a rapid rate ( gilmore and burridge , 1996 )	problem
the roles that each play have only begun to be clarified .	problem
recent results show a direct correlation between fak tyrosine kinase activity and migration rate in vitro , and	result
this effect was correlated with the hyperphosphorylation of p130cas by the src kinase ( ilic et al. , 1995 ; cary et al. , 1996 , 1998 ) .	result
the viral form of src , v-src , also increases focal adhesion turnover in the transformed cell	result
and its catalytic activity was shown to be required for this effect ( fincham and frame , 1998 ) .	result

primers used were human ror2 f : 5 ' - atggaactgtgtgacgtaccc-3 ' ; mouse ror2 f : 5 ' - tggaactgtgtgacgtaccc-3 ' ; human/mouse ror2 r : 5 ' - gcgaggccatcagctg-3 ' ; human hprt f : 5 ' - caagtttgttgtaggatatgccc-3 ' ; human hprt r : 3 ' - cgatgtcaataggactccaga-3 ' ; mouse hprt f : 5 ' - tgttgttggatatgcccttg-3 ' ; and mouse hprt r : 3 ' - ttgcgctcatcttaggcttt-3 ' .	method

ship is a cytosolic enzyme	fact
that must undergo membrane translocation to access its lipid substrates .	fact
previous reports indicate	result
that the n-terminal sh2 domain of ship is critical for this translocation under certain stimulation conditions , whereas the c-terminal region may be more important under other conditions [ 15 ] .	implication
indeed , the c-terminal proline-rich region of ship has been shown	result
to be required for stabilization of ship at the membrane [ 41,42 ] .	result
additional studies are required	problem
to understand the mechanism by which ship translocates to the membrane in response to francisella infection .	problem
a thorough understanding of the role of ship in francisella-induced signaling events may shed light on regulatory mechanisms controlling the production of inflammatory mediators	problem
that are essential for protection against francisella infection .	problem

an attractive model to reconcile the different localization of the import receptors is the extended shuttle hypothesis ( dodt and gould , 1996 ; van der klei and veenhuis , 1996 ; erdmann et al. , 1997 ) ,	hypothesis
which is a modification of the original hypothesis of shuttling receptors ( marzioch et al. , 1994 ) .	hypothesis
the extended shuttle suggests	hypothesis
that the import receptors pex5p and pex7p bind cargo proteins in the cytosol , dock to specific proteins at the periphery of the peroxisomal membrane , subsequently enter the peroxisome , release their cargo in the lumen of the peroxisome , and shuttle back to the cytoplasm .	hypothesis
there is no experimental evidence for this model , but	result
it is consistent with the observation that peroxisomes are able to import both folded and oligomeric proteins ( for review see mcnew and goodman , 1996 ) .	implication
however , the mechanism of protein translocation across the peroxisomal membrane remains unclear .	problem

to determine whether wnt5a mediates its inhibitory effects through the mror2 receptor	goal
293 cells stably expressing the full-length mror2 receptor ( 293mror2 ) were treated with wnt proteins over the course of 24 h .	method
as shown in figure 5a	none
wnt3a protein treatment robustly activates the stf reporter in the presence of mror2 .	result
however , at every time point measured , wnt5a protein-mediated inhibition of wnt/beta-catenin signaling is synergistically enhanced by mror2 overexpression as compared to the parental cell line	result
compare to figure 4c and see figure s1 ) .	result

having identified cellular signaling events activated by f. novicida infection	method
we next examined the influence of ship on these events .	goal
for this ,	method
bmms from ship+/+ and ship-/ - littermate mice were infected with f. novicida for the times indicated in figure 4 , and activation of mapks and akt was analyzed .	method
infection by f. novicida induced robust phosphorylation of erk1/2 , jnk , p38 , and akt .	result
however , ship+/+ and ship-/ - bmms displayed no significant differences in the activation of the mapks at any of the time points tested .	result
on the other hand , ship-/ - bmms showed enhanced phosphorylation of akt compared to ship+/+ bmms .	result
these results indicate	implication
that although ship may not regulate f. novicida-induced activation of the mapks , ship down-regulates activation of akt .	implication
together , these data suggest	implication
that the pi3k/akt pathway may play a critical role in f. novicida-induced macrophage pro-inflammatory responses .	implication

amino acids are known	fact
to stimulate torc1 but not torc22 .	fact
in fact , amino acid starvation indirectly elevates torc2 activity	implication
because inactivation of s6k by amino acid starvation relieves the feedback inhibition on torc231 , 32 ( fig. 1b ) .	result
we tested the effect of	method
drag on dakt phosphorylation , a torc2 substrate .	method
knockdown of draga or dragc caused a significant increase of dakt phosphorylation ( fig. 1b ) .	result
these data are consistent with the notion	implication
that draga and dragc play a positive role in torc1 activation but not torc2 activation .	implication

subcloning strategy and oligonucleotides used for antisense constructs had been described elsewhere ( kampfer et al. , 1998 ) .	method
orientation of insertion was determined by restriction analysis and sequencing .	method
subcloning strategy , mutagenic primers , as well as selection primers for the generation of kinase-defective	method
dn , as well as ca mutants of pkc isotypes had been described elsewhere ( baier-bitterlich et al. , 1996 ; uberall et al. , 1997 ; kampfer et al. , 1998 ) .	method
all cdnas for pkc isotypes , green fluorescence protein ( gfp ) , and	method
the cdna for rac-1 n17 were subcloned into the expression vector pef-1neo .	method
gf109203x , ly294002 , wortmannin , and pansorbin beads were obtained from calbiochem-novabiochem .	method

erbb2 and egfr are attractive targets for cancer therapy	fact
as they are often overexpressed or mutated in tumors .	fact
the drug herceptintm has been developed as an efficient treatment of cancer types that depend on overexpression of erbb2	fact
and small molecule kinase inhibitors have been directed against egfr .	fact
both strategies have the general goal of inhibiting aberrant signaling .	fact
however , many studies show	result
that perturbation of signaling networks can have diverse and unanticipated effects .	result
for example , a thorough analysis of herceptin action revealed	result
that it did not only affect erbb2 , but also the expression of egfr and its downstream ligands ( smith et al , 2004 ) .	result
the understanding of receptor-signaling crosstalk and a detailed picture of different sites of interaction to downstream binding partners can be expected	hypothesis
to contribute to description of signaling networks at the systems biology level .	hypothesis
systematic screens , such as the one performed here , can possibly enable entirely new ways of	hypothesis
identifying interesting drug targets and potentially make important contributions to therapeutic research .	hypothesis

next , we used the recombinant , purified mrn complex in peptide pull-down experiments .	method
these showed	result
that mrn bound to the phosphorylated but not the unphosphorylated form of the sdtd peptide -- confirming the direct nature of the interaction -- yet did not bind to either version of the h2ax c-terminal peptide ( fig 3a ) .	result
this indicates the specificity of mrn for the phosphorylated mdc1 sdtd motif and also shows	implication
that if , as previously reported , nbs1 binds to gammah2ax directly ( kobayashi et al , 2002 ) , this interaction must be less stable than mrn binding to the phosphorylated sdtd motif .	result

northern blot analysis was performed	method
to investigate the pattern of pag mrna expression in human tissues .	goal
fig. 5 a demonstrates	result
that mrna coding for pag is expressed in almost all tissues examined , the highest level being observed in the immune system as well as in the lung , heart , and placenta .	result
interestingly , several bands hybridized with the pag cdna probe .	result
this might indicate the existence of alternatively spliced forms of pag or pag-related genes .	hypothesis
however , we did not yet obtain convincing evidence for the existence of pag variants on the protein level ( not shown ) .	result

fig. 6 , b and c , show the localization of p42/p44 mapk after 3 and 5 h of serum stimulation , respectively .	result
in both cases , mapks are clearly accumulated in the nucleus with perhaps a less intense signal at 5 h ( fig. 6 c ) because of a decline in p42/p44 mapk activity .	result
however , the inhibition of protein synthesis with chx for the last 2 h of serum stimulation markedly accelerated the cytoplasmic return of p42/p44 mapk ( fig. 6 , compare c and e ) .	result
this acceleration of mapk nuclear efflux was already apparent 1 h after chx addition ( fig. 6 d ) .	result

a short cooh-terminal fragment of tiam1 , c682 tiam1 , which lacks the nh2-terminal ph domain , did not associate with the plasma membrane in nih3t3 cells or cos-7 cells and was unable	result
to induce membrane ruffling ( see figs. 1 and 2 ) .	result
similar to c1199 tiam1 and ( v12 ) rac1 , the c682 tiam1 protein induces a tumorigenic phenotype in nih3t3 cells ( van leeuwen et al. , 1995 ) .	result
this indicates	implication
that the tiam1-induced formation of membrane ruffles and induction of a tumorigenic phenotype are triggered by two distinct signaling pathways .	implication
since jnk activity could not be stimulated by c682 tiam1 and none of the truncated or mutant tiam1 proteins activated mapk	result
it is unlikely that the induction of a tumorigenic phenotype is due to activation of jnk or mapk .	implication
an explanation could be	hypothesis
that tumorigenicity is caused by activation of cytoplasmic rac , although we can not exclude that cytoplasmic tiam1 activates another , yet unknown gtpase .	hypothesis
both the c1199 and c682 tiam1 proteins were also able	result
to induce an invasive phenotype in t-lymphoma cells ( habets et al. , 1994 ) .	result
as the localization of tiam1 might be differently regulated in lymphoid cells compared to adherent cos and fibroblast cells	hypothesis
we are currently testing whether or not jnk is involved in the tiam1/rac-mediated induction of an invasive phenotype in t-lymphoma cells .	method

the pex13e320k orf was amplified from plasmid pwg13/13 by pcr ,	method
using oligonucleotides 43fus1 5'- ( gtgaattcggatccatatgtcatccacagcagta ) -3 ' and the t7-primer ( see above ) .	method
the resulting pcr fragment was subcloned into a ecori/spei digested ppc86 ,	method
resulting in plasmid pwg13/18 .	method
amino acids 286-386 of pex13pe320k were amplified by pcr	method
using primers 37hyb1 5'- ( tccagaattcggatcctacagacctctggaaccata ) -3 ' , t7 , and pwg13/13 as templates .	method
the pcr product was subcloned with ecori/spei into ppc86 ,	method
resulting in plasmid pwg13/16 .	method
subsequently , pwg13/16 was digested with smai/spei , and	method
the excised pex13e320k fragment was subcloned into smai/spei digested ppc97 , resulting in plasmid pwg13/19 .	method

to delete pex5 , pex13 , pex14 , and pex17 in the yeast two-hybrid reporter strains pcy2 and hf7c , as well as the deletion of pex7 and pex13 in wild-type utl7a , pex14 in pex17delta , pex17 in pex13delta , and pex5 in pex14delta	goal
the kanmx4 gene was used as a selective marker for insertion into the genomic locus ( wach et al. , 1994 ) .	method
deletion cassettes containing the kanmx4 gene and the 5 ' and 3 ' untranslated	method
regions of the corresponding orfs were constructed by pcr using pfa6a-kanmx4 ( wach et al. , 1994 ) as a template .	method
to generate the deletion cassettes for the pex5 gene deletion , the primer sets ku301 , 5'- ( tatacatcaataaacaatatatcataacacatggacgtacgtacgctgcag - gtggac ) -3 ' and ku302	goal
5'- ( tgatgcgagaacataaaattgcggagaaccatatcaatcgatgaattcgagctcg ) -3 ' were used .	method
for the pex13 gene deletion , the primer sets ku274 , 5'- ( tatctataaatatcaaggggattctatactataacaatacctgcgc-gtacgctgcaggtcgac ) -3 ' and ku275 , 5'- ( tttactatatatatatgcgaatatatg tg tgcaaatattgatgcaatcgatga - attcgagctcg ) -3 ' were used .	method
for the pex7 gene deletion , ku371 , 5 ' - ( gttaacggac tat catc taac tttttgcataatttatacaacatgcgtacgctgcaggtcgac ) -3 ' and ku372 , 5'- ( gtttaaataatgcaaaaaatttgtgtaaaaagaatatgtgtcaacatc - gatgaattcgagctcg ) -3 ' were used .	method
for pex14 gene deletion , the primer sets	goal
ku289 , 5'- ( gaaaactcaagtaaaacagagaagttgtaaggtgaataaggacgtacgctgcaggtcgac ) -3 ' and ku290 , 5 ' - ( aattacaatttccg ttaaaaaac taattacttacatagaaattgcgatcgatgaattcgagctcg ) -3 ' were used .	method
finally , for a pex17 gene deletion the primer sets ku251 , 5'- ( tccatcattct gataagcagaaccacg taaggcagac taaaatccg tac-gctgcaggtcgac ) -3 ' and ku273 , 5'- ( acgtgcactagagcgttttaaattcaatgctattatttttgattgatcgatgaattcg - agctcg ) -3 ' were used .	method

wnt5a protein inhibits wnt3a signaling at the earliest time points following reporter activation .	result
when cells are pretreated with wnt3a protein for 1 or 3 h prior to wnt5a treatment	result
wnt5a can inhibit wnt3a-induced reporter activation within 1 h of exposure ( figure 1d ) .	result
in addition , wnt5a pretreatment of cells for 8 h followed by washing has no effect on either wnt3a-induced stf reporter activation or wnt5a-mediated inhibition , suggesting	result
that wnt5a does not induce the accumulation of an inhibitory factor ( figure 1e ) .	implication
these data taken together indicate	implication
that purified wnt5a protein is sufficient to rapidly inhibit canonical wnt signaling in a potentially post-translational fashion .	implication

it is important to note that abnormal lymphoid organogenesis in ikkalpha-deficient mice is not due to defective receptor activator of nf-kappab ( rank ) signaling , because mice deficient in rank have pps despite their lack of peripheral lns 27	implication
rank activates nf-kappab by recruiting traf6 , which has not been observed to associate with ltbetar 1617 .	result
it remains possible , however ,	hypothesis
that there exist other undefined nik-ikkalpha-activating receptor pathways involved in lymphoid organogenesis beyond ltbetar .	hypothesis

torc1 is regulated by mitogenic growth factors , cellular energy levels , and	fact
amino acids1 , 2 . the mechanisms of torc1 regulation by growth factors and energy levels have been characterized .	fact
for example , growth factors activate torc1 partly through pi3k , akt , tsc1/tsc2 , and rheb13-15 , a small gtpase of the ras family	fact
that directly binds to and stimulates torc1 activity16-18 .	fact
amino acids are potent activators of torc119 however	fact
the mechanism of torc1 activation by amino acids is largely unknown .	fact
although studies have implicated the vps34 pi3 kinase in nutrient response20 , 21	result
its precise function in torc1 activation remains to be established .	problem

f. tularensis infects primarily monocytes and macrophages .	fact
the survival strategy adopted by f. tularensis in the host cell is	fact
to avoid phago-lysosomal fusion .	fact
after a few hours of phagocytosis of the organism , the membrane of the phagosome ruptures and f. tularensis is released into the host cell cytosol	fact
[ 1,2 ] .	none
the release of the pathogen into the cytosol requires expression of bacterial proteins such as iglc and mgla [ 3-5 ] .	fact
on the other hand , bacterial escape is inhibited by interferon-gamma ( ifngamma ) treatment of the cells infected with f. tularensis [ 6-8 ] .	result

the results presented above indicated	implication
that activation of p42/p44 mapk cascade was both required and sufficient for inducing p42/p44 mapk nuclear translocation .	implication
p42/ p44 mapk activation results from its dual phosphorylation by mek ( 1 , 10 , 47 ) .	implication
this reversible phosphorylation could explain the reversible nuclear localization of p42/ p44 mapk .	hypothesis
however , we and others have previously shown	result
that nonphosphorylatable and inactive mutants of p42/p44 mapk can still translocate into the nucleus .	result
thus , activation of p42/p44 mapk must modify either its interactions with partner proteins and/or the cell physiology	hypothesis
to induce nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	hypothesis
first , we evaluated	goal
whether the activation of transcription induced by p42/p44 mapk activation and the resulting neosynthesized proteins contribute to nuclear retention of mapk .	hypothesis
as illustrated in fig. 4 c	result
inhibition of protein synthesis with 30 mug/ml cycloheximide ( chx ) completely blocks the nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk after a 3-h serum stimulation ( fig. 4 , compare b and c ) .	result
identical results were obtained	result
when nuclear translocation of p42/p44 mapk was induced with activation of the chimera deltaraf-1 : er ( data not shown ) .	result

taken together , our data demonstrate	implication
that irak plays an important role in activating multiple il-1 signaling pathways that lead to the induction of il-1-responsive gene products such as il-6 .	implication
in the absence of irak , induction of jnk and p38 activities was significantly reduced at all concentrations of il-1 tested ,	result
although not completely eliminated .	result
our results suggest	implication
that irak is required for optimal induction of jnk and p38 kinases and that loss of its function can not be completely compensated for by irak-2 or other related kinases .	implication
activation of jnk and p38 have been reported	result
to be mediated by cascades of upstream kinases including map-2 , map-3 , and map-4 kinases ( 29 ) .	result
it remains	problem
to be determined at which levels within these cascades irak may act to induce jnk and p38 activity .	problem

in conclusion , this study unravels novel roles for pi3k and ship in	implication
regulating intracellular signaling events involved in macrophage innate immune response to francisella infection .	implication

prior to the discovery of the fz and lrp coreceptors , wnt proteins were classified into two functional groups based on the observation	fact
that ectopic expression of some wnts , such as wnt1 and wnt3a , is sufficient to induce a secondary dorsal-ventral axis in xenopus embryos and morphologically transform c57mg mouse mammary epithelial cells , whereas expression of " wnt5a class " wnts , including wnts 4 , 5a , and 11 , is not sufficient [ 4 - 8 ] .	fact
one hypothesis for	hypothesis
how the structurally similar , although functionally distinct , extracellular wnt ligands trigger different developmental outcomes is that the two classes of wnts signal via different intracellular pathways .	hypothesis
indeed , experiments in	result
zebrafish and xenopus embryos using mrna injection to activate wnt signaling have suggested that expression of wnt5a stimulates intracellular calcium ( ca 2+ ) flux leading to the activation of ca 2+-dependent effector molecules such as calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase ii ( camkii ) , nuclear factor associated with t cells ( nfat ) , and protein kinase c ( pkc ) in a pertussis toxin ( ptx ) -sensitive manner [ 9 - 12 ] .	result
however , due to the lack of active soluble wnt5a protein , direct activation of " wnt/ca 2+ " pathway signaling in mammalian cell culture systems has not been fully investigated .	problem

in the present study , we provide genetic evidence	goal
that peli1 has a non-redundant role in regulating rip1 ubiquitination and ikk activation in the trif-dependent tlr pathway .	implication
peli1 deficiency caused a specific defect in pro-inflammatory gene induction by ligands of tlr3 and tlr4 and rendered mice resistant to lps - and poly ( i : c ) -induced lethality .	result
peli1 physically interacted with rip1 and induced rip1 ubiquitination .	result
loss of peli1 attenuated tlr3-stimulated rip1 ubiquitination and ikk activation but had no effect on the activation of ikk-related kinases .	result
these findings suggest	implication
that peli1 is an e3 ubiquitin ligase that mediates ikk-nf-kappab activation in the trif-dependent tlr signaling pathway .	implication

however , the relationship between focal adhesion formation and fak activation is apparently not strictly linear .	problem
among the signals sent by fak , some were shown	result
to feed back and play a role in the turnover rate of focal adhesions .	result
the existence of such signals was concluded	implication
when the fak null cell lines showed an increase in focal adhesion size and number ( ilic et al. , 1995 ) .	implication
however , these results did not take into account the effects of other members of the fak family	problem
that were later identified , such as pyk2 ( sasaki et al. , 1995 ) .	problem
recently , fak was shown	result
to play a role in migration , an event that requires focal adhesion formation and breakdown .	result
this increase in migration occurs via the tyrosine phosphorylation of an adapter protein , p130cas ( cary et al. , 1998 ) .	result
also , gene disruption of a cytoplasmic tyrosine phosphatase with two sh2 domains , shp-2 , was shown	result
to impair the ability of fibroblasts to spread and migrate on fibronectin ( yu et al. , 1998 ) .	result
this phenotype was associated with a decrease in fak dephosphorylation following cell detachment and suspension .	result
in this paper , we examined another cell line with a gene inactivated by homologous recombination , cytosolic ptp-pest .	goal
a major substrate for this enzyme in both mice and humans was shown to be p130cas ( garton et al. , 1996 ; cote et al. , 1998 ) , and	result
we show in fig. 1 that , in cos-1 cells , ptp-pest can translocate to the membrane periphery following integrin activation , possibly in order to reach the p130cas substrate which also translocates to focal adhesions when fak is activated ( nakamoto et al. , 1997 ) .	hypothesis

hek293 cells , mouse l cells , and their variants were cultured in dmem , 10 % fbs , and antibiotics .	method

eluted proteins were in-solution digested with 1 mug trypsin after reduction in 1 mug dtt , alkylation with 5 mug iodoacetamide and dilution of the sample with 4 volumes of 50 mm nh4hco3 .	method
tryptic peptide mixtures were then desalted on stage tips ( rappsilber et al , 2003 ) and loaded onto reversed phase analytical columns for liquid chromatography ( ishihama et al , 2002 ) .	method
peptides were eluted from the analytical column by a multistep linear gradient running from 5 to 30 % acetonitrile in 90 min and sprayed directly into the orifice of a qstar-pulsar quadrupole time-of-flight hybrid mass spectrometer ( pe-sciex , usa ) or a ltq-ft ( thermo electron , germany ) .	method
proteins were identified by tandem mass spectrometry ( ms/ms ) by information-dependent acquisition of fragmentation spectra of multiple-charged peptides	method
that were then searched against the human international protein index database ( ipi ; http : //srs6.ebi.ac.uk ) using the mascot algorithm ( perkins et al , 1999 ) with search parameters as described in ( foster et al , 2003 ) for qstar data and as in olsen et al ( 2004 ) for ltq-ft data .	method
for quantitation and spectra validation , the software msquant ( http : //msquant.sourceforge.net )	method
was used .	method

cell culture .	none
haecs were grown in large vessel endothelial cell medium at 37 degreesc in 5 % co2 and used for experiments between passages 3 and 6 .	method

tsc1 mutant animals die at an early larval stage due to hyperactive tor signaling	fact
and this lethality can be rescued by heterozygous mutation of tor or ds6k 39 , 40 .	fact
similarly , we observed	result
that heterozygous disruption of dragc partially suppressed the early larval lethality caused by tsc1 mutation ( fig. s4c , d ) .	result
this incomplete rescue suggests	implication
that dragc may be somewhat responsive to tsc1/tsc2 signaling .	implication

expression of a kinase-defective , dn mutant of pkc-alpha or pkc-alpha depletion by intracellular generation of pkc-alpha antisense rna did not affect the ras-induced alterations of the actin cytoskeleton .	result
in a previous paper we had demonstrated	result
that the phosphorylation of marcks in nih3t3 cells under biological conditions is mediated by pkc-alpha and that the phorbol ester-induced phosphorylation of marcks is markedly inhibited by expression of the kinase-defective , dn pkc-alpha k368r mutant ( uberall et al. , 1997 ) .	result
thus , the inability of pkc-alpha k368r	problem
to interfere with the ras-induced effects on actin cytoskeleton is not explained by an insufficient intracellular expression level .	problem
furthermore , the phosphorylation of marcks ,	result
which has been discussed as an important regulator of actin organization ( rosen et al. , 1990 ) , does not appear to be involved in the ras-induced reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton .	result

the lymphotoxin beta receptor ( ltbetar ) has emerged as a signaling system required for the development of lymphoid organs 1415 .	fact
although ltbetar has been shown to bind traf2 , -3 , -4 , and -5 , but not traf6 1617 , and to activate nf-kappab after receptor ligation 18	result
the molecular mechanisms by which ltbetar exerts its biological activities are still poorly understood .	problem
aly mice and lt ligand - or ltbetar-deficient mice share a unique phenotype ,	fact
which includes the lack of ln and peyer 's patches ( pps ) and a disturbed splenic architecture 71415 .	fact
therefore , we speculated	hypothesis
that nik plays a role in ltbetar signaling .	hypothesis
this hypothesis was supported by the demonstration	hypothesis
that upregulation of vcam-1 after stimulation with agonistic anti-ltbetar mab was absent from aly mouse efs 8 .	result

one as yet unidentified component of the gems is an 80-kd phosphoprotein	fact
that was repeatedly observed as a major constituent of in vitro-labeled immunoprecipitates prepared from various types of gems 9103031 .	result
similarly , we have demonstrated previously	result
that an unknown highly acidic 80-85-kd phosphoprotein is a component of an oligomeric protein complex that is formed in resting peripheral blood lymphocytes between the src family ptk fyn and several phosphoproteins 323334 .	result
in this report , we describe molecular cloning and preliminary functional characterization of this gem/fyn-associated pp80 polypeptide ,	result
which we termed phosphoprotein associated with gems ( pag ) .	result

inhibition of vegf-stimulated enos ser1177 phosphorylation has previously been reported in huvecs infected with adenoviruses expressing either dominant negative pkb or dominant negative ampk under conditions of hypoxia ,	result
while under normoxic conditions , dominant negative ampk was without any effect [ 15 ] .	result
in contrast , we have demonstrated	result
that ampk contributes to vegf-stimulated enos phosphorylation and no production under normoxic conditions ( figs. 3 and 4 ) .	result
given the effects of wortmannin and ad.alpha1dn , we propose	hypothesis
that vegf stimulates both pkb and ampk-mediated phosphorylation of enos at ser1177 under normoxic conditions .	hypothesis
similarly , both pkb and ampk-mediated phosphorylation of enos at ser1177 has previously been suggested	hypothesis
to occur in response to adiponectin in huvecs [ 18 ] .	hypothesis
as incubation of haecs with wortmannin does not alter ampk activity	fact
ampk does not act downstream of pi3k in the response to vegf in haecs ( fig. 2 ) .	result
it remains possible that ampk could act upstream of pkb in vegf-stimulated enos phosphorylation , but	hypothesis
this seems unlikely because we have previously demonstrated that infection with ad.alpha1dn does not alter pkb phosphorylation in haecs [ 9 ] .	implication

nevertheless , signals appear	result
to converge on a s/e/e8 complex , as suggested by the fact that genetic and biochemical interference with this complex leads to abrogation of rac activation induced by either active rtks or dominant active ras and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase mutants ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	implication
our demonstration of differential regulation of the stability of the s/g and s/e complexes sheds new light on the molecular understanding of this circuitry .	hypothesis
a dynamic interaction between sos-1 and grb2 after rtk stimulation has been previously reported ( buday and downward , 1993a ; egan et al. , 1993 ; rozakis-adcock et al. , 1993 ; cherniack et al. , 1994 ; waters et al. , 1995 ; hu and bowtell , 1996 ) .	result
moreover , it is well established that upon egf treatment ,	result
sos-1 is rapidly phosphorylated , mainly as a consequence of mapk activation ( cherniack et al. , 1994 ; rozakis-adcock et al. , 1995 ; corbalan-garcia et al. , 1996 ; porfiri and mccormick , 1996 ) , leading to a decrease in its affinity for grb2 ( corbalan-garcia et al. , 1996 ) .	result
thus , the interaction between sos-1 and grb2 is dynamically regulated by rtk and might contribute to the rapid , but transient , activation of ras after rtk stimulation ( fig. 8 , a , b , and d ) .	result
conversely , the s/e/e8 complex is stable under the same conditions , and may account , at least in part , for the prolonged activation of rac signaling ( fig. 8 , a-d ) and ruffling activity ( ridley et al. , 1992 ; unpublished data )	result
fig. 9 shows a proposed mode of action of sos-1 )	hypothesis

we next examined	hypothesis
whether internalization of bacteria is a requisite for the down-regulatory influence of ship on f. novicida-induced cytokine/chemokine production .	hypothesis
for this ,	method
cells were treated with cytochalasin d , an actin polymerization inhibitor , prior to infection , and cell supernatants were assayed for the secretion of il-12 , il-6 , and rantes by elisa .	method
the results are shown in figure 2d-2f .	result
the release of rantes and the negative influence of ship on rantes production were not influenced by failure of internalization .	result
however , treatment of either ship+/+ or ship-/ - bmm with cytochalasin d significantly suppressed the release of il-12 and il-6 ,	result
suggesting that either internalization of bacteria or actin cytoskeletal rearrangements are essential for the secretion of these two cytokines .	result
failure of internalization of f. novicida did not influence the activation of either the mapk or the pi3k/akt pathways ( unpublished data ) ,	result
suggesting that surface contact of francisella bacteria is sufficient to trigger the signaling response .	implication

together with data obtained from proteomics screens ( beausoleil et al , 2004 ; olsen et al , 2006 ) , our findings indicate	result
that ck2 phosphorylates several sites on mdc1 , often at dual phosphorylation sites within the sdtd motif .	implication
these findings are in agreement with previous work showing	implication
that ck2 has an impact on various ddr events .	implication
for example , it was previously shown	result
that ck2-dependent phosphorylation of the adaptor/mediator proteins xrcc1 and xrcc4 promotes the recruitment of polynucleotide kinase ( pnk ) , aprataxin , and aprataxin - and pnk-like factor ( aplf ) to sites of chromosomal damage to facilitate the repair of dsbs and dna single-strand breaks , respectively ( clements et al , 2004 ; loizou et al , 2004 ; iles et al , 2007 ) .	result
interestingly , in these studies , ck2 was found	result
to mediate factor recruitment through direct interactions between the ck2 phosphorylation sites on xrcc1/xrcc4 and the fha domains of pnk , aprataxin and aplf .	result
it is noteworthy	result
that the nbs1 recruitment defects we observed in mdc1sdtddelta mutant cells are similar to those reported for cells containing nbs1 with mutations in its fha domain ( lukas et al , 2004 ) , suggesting that the fha domain of nbs1 binds to mdc1 .	result
although our data support this idea , the fact	result
that mutations in either the fha or brct2 domain of nbs1 impair the nbs1-mdc1 interaction suggests that both domains are intimately involved in making such contacts .	implication
it might be	hypothesis
that these domains are orientated such that they are able to simultaneously bind to both the phosphorylated serine and the phosphorylated threonine of a single sdtd motif , or to two adjacent sdtd motifs in the mdc1 protein .	hypothesis
this dual-interaction mode might provide a greater degree of binding selectivity and discrimination	hypothesis
than would be possible by phospho-dependent interactions involving either domain alone .	hypothesis
alternatively , it is possible	hypothesis
that the proximity of the fha and brct2 domains of nbs1 makes them conformationally inter-dependent , so that mutation of one affects the structure and function of the other .	hypothesis
the tightly interconnected fha/brct2 domain architecture is conserved in virtually all known nbs1 counterparts ( becker et al , 2006 ) ,	fact
pointing to this relationship being of crucial functional importance .	fact
resolution of the above issues will await structural determinations of the n terminus of nbs1 , both alone and in a complex with the phosphorylated mdc1 sdtd motif .	problem

for cleavage furrow staining , the cells were plated at low confluence on uncoated glass slides and left overnight in 10 % serum containing medium .	method
the cells were then fixed , permeabilized , blocked , and stained	method
as described above .	method
the primary antibody used was py20 .	method

semiconfluent cos-7 cells or nih3t3 cells were transfected with pcmvflag-jnk1 and pcdna-neo-rac1 - or tiam1-expression vectors	method
as described above .	method
48 h after transfection , cells were washed with ice-cold pbs and lysed on ice in a buffer containing 50 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 1 % np40 , 100 mm nacl , 5 mm edta , 100 mum sodium orthovanadate , 1 mm sodium fluoride , 20 mum aprotonin , 20 mum leupeptin , and 1 mm pefabloc .	method
after centrifugation ( 10 min , 10,000 g ) , flag-tagged c-jun kinase was immunoprecipitated	method
using 2 mug/ml of m2 monoclonal antibody ( kodak , rochester , ny ) for 1 h ( 4degreesc ) .	method
immune complexes were captured	method
using protein a-sepharose beads ( pharmacia lkb biotechnology inc. ) coated with rabbit anti-mouse immunoglobulins ( nordic immunological labs , capistrano beach , ca ) .	method
beads were washed three times in lysis buffer and once in kinase buffer ( 20 mm hepes , 10 mm mgcl2 ) .	method
dried beads were incubated for 20 min at 30degreesc with 5 mug bacterially expressed glutathione s-transferase ( gst ) -c-jun ( amino acids 1-135 ) in 40 mul kinase buffer containing 1 mm dtt , 20 mum atp , 5 muci [ gamma-32p ] atp ( 5,000 ci/mmol )	method
and 0.5 mm para-nitrophenylphosphate. reactions were stopped with sdssample buffer , and the amount of radioactive gst-c-jun was quantified after sds-page by phosphorimaging .	method
the level of expression of tiam1 , mutant rac , and tagged jnk in the nih3t3 or cos-7 cells was monitored by western blotting .	method

aliquots of cell equivalents containing equal amounts of protein were subjected to an immunoprecipitation ( ip ) procedure	method
using a corresponding pkc-zeta antibody purchased from santa cruz biotechnology .	method
ips were recovered by	method
using pansorbin beads .	method
pkc-zeta molecules bound to 35 mul of pansorbin beads , were resuspended in 20 mul kinase buffer , and then mixed with 9 mug myelin basic protein ( sigma m-1891 ) .	method
the kinase reactions were initiated by the addition of 2 muci [ gamma-32p ] atp ( 10 mci/ml , 3,000 ci/mmol ) and incubation of the tubes by frequent vortexing at 30degreesc for 30 min .	method
phosphorylation of myelin basic protein was terminated by the addition of 5 mul of 5x sds sample buffer and boiling the samples for 5 min .	method
probes were analyzed by sds-page ( 10 % ) and transferred to polyvinylene difluoride ( pvdf ) membranes ( millipore ) .	method
computer-assisted calculation of pkc-zeta enzyme activities was done after	method
scanning the corresponding pvdf membranes by using the scanner controller sci system .	method

in the past , there have been several studies for large-scale protein-protein interaction mapping in yeast ( ito et al , 2000 , 2001 ; uetz et al , 2000 ; gavin et al , 2002 ; ho et al , 2002 ) and in higher organisms ( bouwmeester et al , 2004 ; goehler et al , 2004 ) using the yeast two-hybrid system or tagging of full-length proteins , followed by immunoprecipitation and mass spectrometric identification of bound partners .	method
this work provided important insights into protein interaction networks but did not specifically address signal-dependent interactions .	problem
however , to serve as a basis for systems biology , static and dynamic , signal-dependent interactions need	problem
to be determined in a comprehensive manner .	problem
since protein-protein interactions during signaling events occur in a controlled and ordered way , proteins serving as nodes in interaction networks need	problem
to provide distinct binding sites for the variety of interaction partners , in response to different stimuli .	problem
in order to improve our understanding of how interaction specificity of different pathways is achieved	problem
it is important to obtain an overview of the intramolecular distribution of binding sites .	problem
therefore , there is a great need for methods	problem
that can determine interactions at the resolution of single modification sites and with high-throughput .	problem
this would help in	goal
systematizing our increasing knowledge of protein interaction networks and signaling pathways .	goal

due to early overexpression studies in xenopus embryos , the wnts were grouped into various classes based on their canonical wnt signaling ability without regard for the cellular context	problem
in which they were overexpressed .	problem
receptor expression , however , clearly plays a role in determining signaling output ;	fact
when coexpressed with the appropriate fz receptor , the prototypical " noncanonical " wnt , xwnt5a , can signal in a canonical fashion to induce the formation of a secondary axis [ 46 ] .	result
whereas some have argued that the lack of functional interaction with lrp distinguishes wnt5a from so-called canonical wnts in mammalian cells [ 31 ] , previous studies and our present work confirm	hypothesis
that wnt signaling output is not intrinsically related to the wnt protein itself but rather due to a combination of factors including receptor availability [ 41 , 46 ] .	hypothesis

transwell ( r ) chambers ( corning-costar ) migration assays were performed	method
as described in klemke et al. ( 1998 ) .	method
in brief , the under surface of the polycarbonate membrane ( pore size , 8 mum ) was precoated with fibronectin ( 10 mug/ml in pbs ) overnight at 4degreesc .	method
the membrane was washed	method
to remove excess ligand and the lower chamber filled with dme containing 10 % serum .	method
ptp-pest ( +/- ) , ptp-pest ( -/- ) , and ptp-pest ( -/- ) stably overexpressing ptp-pest ( 105 in 100 mul of dme containing 10 % serum ) were added to the upper chamber , and left for 5 h at 37degreesc before	method
fixing with 95 % methanol in pbs .	method
unmigrated cells on the upper side of the membrane were removed with a cotton tip applicator , and	method
the migrated cells were stained with methylene blue and counted using an inverted microscope ( x40 ) .	method
each determination represents the average of four individual wells	method
and error bars represent sd .	method
as a control , the lower side of the membrane was coated with 0.5 % bsa .	result
the background level of cell migration represented < 0.1 % of the individual experiments .	result

mutant cells lacking pex7p are characterized by their inability	fact
to grow on oleic acid as the sole carbon source ( fig. 5 a ) and by mislocalization of peroxisomal thiolase to the cytosol ( marzioch et al. , 1994 ; zhang and lazarow , 1995 ) .	fact
expression of a cooh-terminally ha-tagged pex7p from the low copy plasmid prspex7-ha3 leads only to a partial complementation of the pex7delta mutant phenotype ( zhang and lazarow , 1995 ) .	result
this is indicated by the inability of the transformants	result
to grow on oleic acid plates ( fig. 5 a ) and a reduced ability to import fox3p ( thiolase ) into peroxisomes .	result
the latter is evident by the pronounced cytosolic mislocalization of this protein ( fig. 5 b , panel d ) .	result
this mutant phenotype of pex7delta [ prspex7-ha3 ] was employed	goal
to investigate whether overexpression of pex7p-binding partners may suppress a defect in pex7p function .	goal
cells expressing pex7p-ha3 were transformed with multicopy plasmids	method
containing either pex14 or pex13 under the control of their own promoters .	method
as judged by their growth characteristics on oleic acid medium ( fig. 5 a ) and by the fluorescence pattern for thiolase ( fig. 5 b )	result
overexpression of pex13 , but not pex14 , rescued the mutant phenotype caused by the defective pex7p-ha .	result
even though the suppression was not as efficient as complementation with the wild-type pex7 , this observation demonstrates	result
that pex13p can suppress the mutant phenotype of pex7delta [ prspex7-ha3 ] , providing genetic evidence for an interaction between pex7p and pex13p .	implication

the phosphorylation of pag appears to be a tightly regulated process ,	implication
as the src-specific ptk inhibitor pp1 causes rapid dephosphorylation of pag in t cells , which is obviously due to the unopposed activity of an as yet unidentified tyrosine phosphatase ( fig. 4 d and fig. 7 b ) .	implication
we have excluded the possibility	implication
that the tyrosine phosphatase cd45 is dephosphorylating pag in vivo , as pag still becomes dephosphorylated in pp1-treated j45.01 jurkat t cells that lack expression of cd45 ( our unpublished observations ) .	implication
identification of this phosphatase might be of major importance for future research .	problem

at this stage , we can not formally exclude	hypothesis
that an unknown gef , coprecipitating with sos-1 , is responsible for the observed activity .	hypothesis
however , such a hypothetical protein should not only be associated with sos-1 , but also be active only in the presence of eps8 and e3b1 ,	hypothesis
which are both required for the formation of the trimeric complex endowed with rac-specific gef activity ( scita et al. , 1999 ) , making this possibility unlikely .	hypothesis
it is reasonable , therefore ,	hypothesis
to propose that sos-1 alone ( or complexed with proteins , such as grb2 ) is endowed with ras-gef activity .	hypothesis
however , upon interaction with eps8 and e3b1 , its specificity is switched toward rac .	hypothesis

exponentially growing cos-1 cells from a 15-cm tissue culture dish were transfected with 40 mug of	method
pactag ptp-pest by electroporation as described in charest et al. ( 1995 ) .	method
the cells were then grown for 48 h on falcon chamber slides ( becton dickinson and co. ) in dme supplemented with 10 % fbs and antibiotics .	method
for egf treatment , cells were serum starved by incubation in dme 0.1 % fbs for 16 h followed by 10 min of treatment in 0.1 % medium containing 100 ng/ml egf ( upstate biotechnology inc. ) .	method
for integrin activation , the cells were trypsinized and washed twice with dme containing 10 % fbs and plated on fibronectin-coated slides ( described above ) for 45 min before fixing .	method
immunofluorescence was performed	method
as described below , using 12ca5 ( 1:1 ,000 ) as a primary antibody .	method

the most attractive property of tlp is its potent tfiia-binding ability .	fact
tfiia is another member of the family of general transcription factors [ 3 ] .	fact
although tfiia binds to tbp to some extent in order to potentiate tfiid-dependent promoters	fact
it is also used for tata-less promoters [ 3,26,27 ] .	fact
in higher eukaryotes , tfiia consists of three subunits including tfiia alpha , beta and gamma [ 3 ] .	result
tfiiaalphabeta is encoded by a single gene and is cleaved into individual alpha and beta subunits	fact
[ 3,28 ] .	none
we have found	result
that tlp binds more strongly to tfiia than to tbp [ 29 ] .	result
although tlp is mainly localized in the cytoplasm	result
mutant tlps with impaired tfiia-binding ability display a diffuse localization pattern [ 29 ] .	result
however , the significance of the tfiia-binding ability of tlp in transcriptional regulation has remained	problem
to be clarified .	problem

we next tested	hypothesis
whether increased mror2 expression was necessary to shift the balance of wnt5a-mediated activation versus inhibition of wnt/beta-catenin signaling in cells overexpressing mfz4 .	hypothesis
293 and 293fz4 cells were transiently transfected with the stf reporter and mror2 and then treated with the indicated wnt proteins .	method
figure 6a shows	result
that wnt5a-induced reporter activation in the presence of mfz4 and lrp5 is abrogated when mror2 is expressed .	result
in addition ,	result
while wnt5a protein is unable to inhibit wnt/beta-catenin signaling in the presence of mfz4 , as compared to parental 293 cells , mror2 overexpression synergistically enhances wnt5a 's ability to inhibit the reporter gene in both cell lines .	result
once again , inhibition of wnt3a-mediated reporter activation was observed only in the presence of wnt5a ;	result
mror2 expression alone did not reduce wnt3a-mediated reporter activation , indicating that the inhibitory activity is dependent on the presence of wnt5a .	result

recent studies suggest that the function of iraks may also involve interaction with the peli ( also called pellino , hereafter named peli ) family of proteins 12 .	implication
peli proteins are mammalian homologues of drosophila peli , a molecule that interacts with the drosophila irak-like molecule pelle 14 .	fact
mammalian cells have three peli members ,	fact
which share strong sequence homology and contain a ring-like domain 12 .	fact
in vitro studies suggest	implication
that peli proteins function as e3 ubiquitin ligases that catalyze k63-linked ubiquitin chains 15-17 .	implication
like traf6 , peli proteins physically interact with iraks ( irak1 and irak4 ) and induce ubiquitination of irak1 15-17 .	fact
based on cell line transfection studies , peli proteins have been implicated in the regulation of il-1r and myd88-dependent tlr	result
signaling 12 .	result
however , to date , the physiological functions of peli proteins have not been resolved .	problem

interaction of phosphotyrosine peptides with grb2 , shc or pi3k were dependent on specific consensus sequences	result
that have been well documented ( songyang et al , 1994 ; yan et al , 2002 ; pawson , 2004 ) .	result
the protein shc ,	result
which contains a ptb-domain and an sh2-domain , was found to bind to two different consensus sequences .	result
the majority of shc-binding sites conformed to the typical n-p-x-py recognition motif for the ptb domains ( gustafson et al , 1995 ) .	result
however , an alignment of the sequences around five shc-binding sites revealed no conserved n-terminal motif .	result
instead , we found	result
a consensus sequence py- [ kr ] -x- [ li ] involving a basic residue neighboring the phosphotyrosine and a hydrophobic residue at position +3 ( figure 2 ) .	result
since ptb domains have recognition sequences n-terminal to py and sh2 domains have c-terminal binding motifs ( yaffe , 2002 )	fact
shc is likely to bind these bait peptides through its sh2 domain .	hypothesis
a consensus binding motif for the shc sh2-domain of py-phi-x- [ li ] , with strongest selection on the position +3 has been described in pool-sequencing experiments ( songyang et al , 1994 ) .	result
however , our results indicate	implication
that the strong selection of position +3 alone comprising the motif py-x-x- [ li ] is not sufficient to specify binding of endogenous shc , as shc did not bind to py915 , py978 of egfr , py8o3 , py923 of erbb2 , py912 , py975 , py1307 of ebb3 or py921 , py984 of erbb4 , which have a py-x-x- [ li ] sequence .	implication
supporting evidence for our motif also comes from experiments	result
that demonstrated binding of recombinant sh2 domain of shc to phosphopeptides containing the py- [ kr ] -x- [ li ] sequence around py727 and py998 of egfr ( ward et al , 1996 ) .	result

the mapk cascade constitutes a functional signaling unit	fact
that links surface receptor-mediated signals to nuclear events .	fact
it is interesting	fact
that among the six to eight sequential components of this cascade , only p42 and p44 mapks , the most downstream elements , possess the unique potential to shuttle between the cytoplasm and the nucleus .	fact
this nuclear translocation was observed in virtually all cell types in culture ( fibroblasts , smooth muscle cells , mesangial cells , epithelial cells , pc12 cells , neurons ) ,	result
occurring in response to either potent mitogenic stimuli , differentiating agents , or depolarizing agents ( 8 , 9 , 18 , 24 , 27 , 30 , 32 , 37 ) .	result
although we believe that this regulatory mechanism is central to set the spatiotemporal activity of mapks and therefore their biological function	implication
the mechanism by which mapks translocate to the nucleus upon stimulation is largely unknown .	problem

interleukin 1 ( il-1alpha and il-1beta ) plays an important role in inflammation , acting locally and systemically	fact
to induce other proinflammatory cytokines , chemotactic factors , adhesion molecules , acute phase proteins , and fever ( 1 ) .	fact
animals	fact
that lack expression of il-1 or il-1 receptor have reduced inflammatory responses ( 2-5 ) .	fact
cellular responses to il-1 are mediated by a cascade of intracellular signaling events including activation of the stress-activated mitogen-activated protein ( map ) 1 kinases , c-jun nh2-terminal kinase ( jnk ) and p38 , as well as transcription factor nuclear factor kappab ( nf-kappab ) ( 6 ) .	fact
upon il-1 binding , il-1 receptor type i forms a complex with il-1 receptor accessory protein ( 7-9 ) .	fact
il-1 receptor-associated serine/threonine kinase ( irak ) , and a recently identified homologue , irak-2 , are rapidly recruited to this receptor complex via the adaptor protein myd88 ( 10-13 ) .	fact
irak becomes phosphorylated and subsequently interacts with traf6 , a member of the tnf receptor-associated factor ( traf ) family ( 13 , 14 ) .	fact
traf6 has been implicated in activation of both jnk and nf-kappab ( 14 , 15 ) .	fact
traf6 associates with nf-kappab-inducing kinase ( nik ) , a map 3 kinase-related protein that	result
is essential for tnf-alpha - and il-1-mediated nf-kappab activation but has no effect on the activation of jnk or p38 ( 15-17 ) .	result
nik interacts with and may directly activate the recently identified kinases of nf-kappab inhibitor ( ikappab ; 18-20 ) .	result
ikappab kinases are responsible for activation of nf-kappab via phosphorylation of its inhibitory partners , the ikappab proteins , leading to their degradation by proteasomes ( 21 ) .	fact

these shuttle models predict the existence of	hypothesis
docking sites at the peroxisomal membrane for cargo-loaded pts receptors .	hypothesis
to date , two peroxisomal membrane proteins have been described	result
which display the necessary properties to serve as docking sites for pts receptors at the organelle .	result
pex13p , an integral peroxisomal membrane protein , specifically binds by means of its cytosolic sh3 domain to the pts1 receptor pex5p ( elgersma et al. , 1996 ; erdmann and blobel , 1996 ; gould et al. , 1996 ) .	fact
the second protein , pex14p , is a membrane protein located at the outer surface of the peroxisome ( albertini et al. , 1997 ; brocard et al. , 1997 ; komori et al. , 1997 ; fransen et al. , 1998 ) .	fact
pex14p physically interacts with both receptors , pex5p and pex7p , as well as with the peroxisomal membrane proteins pex13p and pex17p ( albertini et al. , 1997 ; brocard et al. , 1997 ; huhse et al. , 1998 ) .	fact
together , these data suggest	implication
that the two import pathways are not independent but overlapping , with pex14p as the point of convergence of the pathways at the peroxisomal membrane ( albertini et al. , 1997 ) .	implication

a cleavage furrow-associated protein	fact
that is also a substrate for another pest-like phosphatase , ptp-hscf , was recently cloned ( spencer et al. , 1997 ) .	fact
this protein , called pstpip , associates via its putative coiled-coil domain with a proline-rich cooh-terminal domain on ptp-hscf	fact
that is conserved in all pest-like ptps .	fact
alanine-scanning mutants of pstpip demonstrated	result
that trp in the putative coiled-coil region was essential for in vivo binding to ptp-hscf , and that this mutant was still capable of association with the cortical cytoskeleton ( dowbenko et al. , 1998 ) .	result
more recently , the src homology-3 ( sh3 ) domain of pstpip was shown to associate with the wiskott-aldrich syndrome protein ( wasp ) , another protein involved with the regulation of the actin-rich cortical cytoskeleton .	result
this interaction can be disrupted by tyrosine phosphorylation within the sh3 domain of pstpip , one of the two tyrosines modified by phosphorylation in response to v-src cotransfection or pervanadate treatment ( wu et al. , 1998b ) .	result
pstpip is homologous to schizosaccharomyces pombe cdc15p , a phosphorylated protein involved in	fact
mediating the cytoskeletal rearrangements of f-actin required for cytokinesis ( fankhauser et al. , 1995 ) .	fact
when overexpressed in exponentially growing s. pombe	result
pstpip colocalizes with actin in the cleavage furrow and acts as a dominant negative inhibitor of cytokinesis ( spencer et al. , 1997 ) .	result

click here for additional data file .	none

rheb was also isolated in our screen .	result
it is worth noting that rheb knockdown reproducibly caused a stronger inhibition of s6k phosphorylation than draga and dragc ( fig. 1a ) , consistent with the notion that rheb is a direct activator of torc117	result
18 . knockdown of several other gtpases , such as rab5 and ran , also decreased ds6k phosphorylation .	result
however , knockdown of rab5 and ran significantly decreased cell numbers as well ( data not shown ) ,	result
indicating a general effect of these gtpases on cell proliferation/apoptosis .	implication
therefore , we focused our efforts on the rag gtpases .	goal

since the expression of gem-associated pp80 was found to be highest in the b cell line raji	result
gems were isolated from 7 x 108 raji cells and subjected to two-dimensional gel electrophoresis .	method
an acidic spot of 75-85 kd was detected by silver staining	result
fig. 2 a ) and verified by antiphosphotyrosine staining of a corresponding blot ( not shown ) .	method
this spot was excised and digested in-gel with trypsin , and	method
resulting peptides were sequenced by nano es ms/ms ( fig. 2 b ) .	result
database searching hit	result
two peptides encoded by the est clones aa960867 , aa622656 ( lldenenlqek ) , and aa220201 ( fsslsyk ) , respectively .	method
reverse and forward primers deduced from est clone aa220201 were used for 5 ' and	method
3 ' race experiments to amplify the rest of the corresponding gene from human leukocyte cdna .	method
the sequence corresponding to the very 5 ' end of the gene was finally obtained by 5 ' race performed on cdna obtained from raji rna .	result

in addition , csk-associated polypeptides like pep or ptp-pest could simultaneously dephosphorylate additional key signaling molecules such as zap70 , the tcr zeta chains , and/or the autophosphorylation sites of src kinases ,	implication
as was suggested recently 59 .	implication
at present , we do not know	problem
whether the pag-associated csk is complexed with other negative regulatory signaling proteins ( e.g. , pep or ptp-pest ) , either in t cells or in other cell types .	problem
therefore , we can not exclude the possibility	hypothesis
that the impaired tyrosine phosphorylation of the tac zeta/zeta chimera and downregulation of the fyn kinase activity observed after overexpression of pag and csk in cos cells ( fig. 8 ) is not due only to csk-mediated phosphorylation of the negative regulatory tyrosine of fyn .	hypothesis
nevertheless , our data indicate	implication
that pag binds csk ( fig. 7d and fig. e ) , and that this results ( directly or indirectly ) in downregulation of fyn tyrosine kinase activity and impaired tyrosine phosphorylation of the tcr zeta chain ( fig. 8a and fig. b ) .	implication

interactions between short modified peptide motifs and modular protein domains are central events in cell signal-transduction .	fact
we determined interaction partners to all cytosolic tyrosine residues of the four members of the erbb-receptor family in an unbiased fashion by quantitative proteomics using pull-down experiments with pairs of phosphorylated and nonphosphorylated synthetic peptides .	method
each receptor had characteristic preferences for interacting proteins	fact
and most interaction partners had multiple binding sites on each receptor .	fact
egfr and erbb4 had several docking sites for grb2 ,	result
while erbb3 was characterized by six binding sites for pi3k .	result
we identified stat5 as a direct binding partner to egfr and erbb4 and discovered new recognition motifs for shc and stat5 .	method
the overall pattern of interaction partners of egfr and erbb4 suggests similar roles during	implication
signaling through their respective ligands .	implication
phosphorylation kinetics of several tyrosine resides was measured by mass spectrometry and correlated with interaction partner preference .	method
our results demonstrate	implication
that system-wide mapping of peptide-protein interactions sites is possible , and suggest shared and unique roles of erbb-receptor family members in downstream signaling .	implication

to test whether the nh2-terminal ph domain of tiam1 is sufficient for membrane localization	goal
we fused a region containing this ph domain to the c580 tiam1 protein ( see materials and methods ) .	method
the resulting protein , however , did not induce membrane ruffling and was not associated with the plasma membrane ( michiels , f. , and j.c. stam , unpublished results ) .	result
this might argue	implication
that additional sequences are required to ensure membrane localization .	implication
alternatively , the juxtaposition of the ph domain to the dh domain might interfere with the proper folding of these domains .	implication
a construct expressing solely the region	result
containing the nh2-terminal ph domain did not function as a dominant-negative tiam1 mutant .	result
however , c1199-deltadh ,	result
which contains a deletion in the catalytic dh domain , also does not interfere with the induction of membrane ruffling by tiam1 .	result
the reason for this is not clear at the moment .	implication

these results suggest	implication
that the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells are primed for attachment and spreading via integrin-stimulated pathways , and that ptp-pest has a physiological role in regulating this event .	implication
the negative role of ptp-pest in cell spreading is consistent with its role described above in cell migration via the breakdown of cell-substratum links .	implication

proteins were expressed by	method
transfecting expression constructs with the indicated cdnas into cos-7 cells .	method
extracts were prepared 30 h after transfection .	method
immunoprecipitation and western blot analysis was performed	method
as described previously 2022 .	method
full-sized , flag-tagged wild-type nik 6 , flag-tagged aly-type nik , and myc-tagged ikkalpha 22 were expressed in pcr3 vectors ( invitrogen ) ;	method
aly-type nik cdna was generated by the introduction of an amino acid substitution ( g860r ) into the cooh-terminal region of human nik 7 by site-directed mutagenesis .	method
anti-flag mab ( clone m2 ) and anti-myc mab ( clone 9e10 ) were from sigma-aldrich and santa cruz biotechnology , respectively .	method

next , we analyzed the pex14paxxa ( fig. 9 a ) association with peroxisomal membrane ghosts of pex14delta/pex17delta double mutants	method
which were predicted to contain peroxisomal membrane ghosts even upon complementation of the pex14delta mutation .	method
in addition , we analyzed	method
whether peroxisomal membrane ghosts that harbor mutated pex13pe320k still contain pex14p .	hypothesis
the subcellular localization of pex14p , pex14paxxa , and peroxisomal membrane markers was analyzed by double immunofluorescence microscopy and flotation analysis .	method
colocalization was observed for ha-pex11p and pex14paxxa in pex14delta cells , as well as for ha-pex11p and pex14p in pex13delta cells expressing pex13pe320k , indicative of peroxisomal membrane association of these proteins ( fig. 9 a ) .	result
these results were corroborated by flotation analysis	method
which revealed that pex14paxxa was associated with the fraction containing the peroxisomal membrane ghosts of pex14delta/pex17delta , as were pex14p in pex13delta/pex17delta cells expressing pex13pe320k ( fig. 9 b ) .	result
these observations suggest	implication
that pex14p is associated with peroxisomes and peroxisomal membrane ghosts independent of interaction between the proline-rich motif of pex14p and the rt loop in the sh3 domain of pex13p .	implication
interestingly , the fractionation of pex13delta/ pex17delta [ pex13e320k ] shows	method
that , although the rt loop of the sh3 domain of pex13p is not absolutely required for the targeting of pex14p to the membrane of peroxisomal ghosts , it appears to enhance or stabilize the targeting , as only pex14p trails through the gradients of this mutant strain ( fig. 9 b ) .	implication

initiation of immunoreceptor signaling is accompanied by association of the receptor components with gems 21222324252627 .	result
furthermore , treatments disrupting gems ( cholesterol depletion , biosynthetic partial replacement of their saturated fatty acids by polyunsaturated ones ) inhibits immunoreceptor signaling 222829 .	result
a plausible hypothesis explaining the requirement of gems for immunoreceptor signaling is that immunoreceptor complexes merge with gems upon interaction ( aggregation ) with their ligands	hypothesis
and thus their immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motif ( itam ) -bearing chains become exposed to src family kinases concentrated in gems .	hypothesis
furthermore , at least in t cells , a major substrate of the zap70 ptk , the linker protein lat , is also present in these " signaling islets " 1415 .	result
therefore , gems may well act as preformed " signalosomes " for initiation and spatial organization of early phases of immunoreceptor signaling .	hypothesis

in	method
vitro binding studies using glutathione s-transferase ( gst ) fusion proteins were performed as described elsewhere ( charest et al. , 1996 ) .	method
in brief , 0.5 mg of each cell lysate was precleared with gst bound to glutathione-sepharose beads ( pharmacia biotech , inc. ) for 1 h at 4degreesc .	method
the supernatants were then incubated with the gst-fusion protein prebound to glutathione-sepharose beads in a total of 1 ml of tne buffer supplemented with 0.1 mm vanadate for 90 min at 4degreesc , washed three times with tne buffer , and resuspended in an equal volume of 2x sds-page loading buffer .	method
protein complexes were separated by sds-page and detected by	method
immunoblotting as described above .	method
the gst-grb2 fl construct is described in charest et al. ( 1997 ) .	none
the gst-sh2 domains of crk and src are a generous gift from dr. park ( mcgill university ) .	none

dulbecco 's modified eagle 's medium ( dme ) and	method
restriction enzymes for molecular biological approaches were purchased from boehringer mannheim .	method
fetal calf serum and l-glutamine were obtained from biowhittaker .	method
leupeptin , myelin basic protein ( m-1891 ) , tetramethylrhodamine-isothiocyanate ( tritc ) -labeled phalloidin	method
and aprotinin are products from sigma .	method
lipofectin transfection reagents and opti-mem i medium were purchased from life technologies .	method
[ gamma-32p ] atp ( 10 mci/ml , 3000 ci/ mmol ) and hyperfilm-mp were obtained from amersham .	method
pcr primers used for	method
subcloning strategy were obtained from ark scientific .	method

the data presented here demonstrate	implication
that tiam1 is a cytoplasmic protein that is capable of associating with the plasma membrane .	implication
the nh2-terminal ph domain is essential for membrane association of tiam1 , and	implication
this membrane association is required for rac-mediated induction of membrane ruffling and stimulation of jnk activity .	implication

previous studies have shown	result
that overexpression of trf2 can protect critically short telomeres generated by replicative aging ( karlseder et al. 2002 ) .	result
trf2 reduced the incidence of end-to-end chromosome fusions in this setting and also delayed the onset of senescence .	result
these findings suggested	implication
that senescence is induced by an altered telomere state , in which the telomere has become so short that the amount of trf2 it can recruit is insufficient for the protection of the chromosome end .	implication
when trf2 is overexpressed	result
this deficiency in trf2 recruitment may be overcome .	result
one possibility is	hypothesis
that the altered state of critically short telomeres represents a situation in which telomeres have a diminished ability to form t-loops .	hypothesis
the current findings raise the possibility	hypothesis
that the altered state may also include a situation in which the telomere contains insufficient trf2 to repress atm .	hypothesis
however , the ability of trf2 to delay senescence was also observed in a-t cells ( karlseder et al. 2002 ) ,	result
indicating that atm repression is not the only pathway by which increased trf2 loading can protect critically short telomeres .	implication

human multiple-tissue northern blots and multiple-tissue expression arrays were obtained from clontech laboratories , inc. and hybridized as	method
described previously 38 with a pag-specific cdna probe encompassing nucleotides 257-1685 , i.e. , corresponding to a full coding region and an additional 132 residues of the untranslated sequences .	method

a role for the pi3k/akt pathway in macrophage response to f. novicida infection has thus far not been described .	problem
the above observations of enhanced cytokine production and enhanced activation of akt in ship-/ - bmms suggest a potential role for the pi3k/akt pathway in f. novicida-induced inflammatory response .	hypothesis
to test this notion , we next treated	goal
f. novicida infected cells with the pharmacologic inhibitor of pi3k ly294002 , and monitored the release of il-12 , il-6 , and rantes by elisa .	method
the results are displayed in figure 5 . inhibition of the pi3k pathway significantly decreased the production of il-12 ( p < 0.009 ) , il-6 ( p < 0.003 ) , and rantes ( p < 0.03 ) by f. novicida-infected bmms ,	result
indicating that the pi3k pathway is involved in the production of pro-inflammatory mediators in response to f. novicida infection .	implication

because these findings suggest that wasp is a fyn substrate	implication
fyn association with wasp was evaluated in jurkat cells .	method
as shown in fig. 3 d	result
these proteins inducibly interact with one another after cd3/cd28 stimulation .	result
the capacity of fyn to bind directly to wasp was also examined by	method
incubating polyhistidine-tagged fyn ( his fyn ) with glutathione sepharose-bound gst fusion proteins containing wild-type wasp or a wasp mutant lacking the proline-rich region ( waspdeltapro ) .	method
anti-fyn immunoblotting analysis of these complexes revealed interaction of his fyn proteins with the gst-wasp fusion protein , but not with control gst or gst-waspdeltapro proteins ( fig. 3 e ) .	result
thus , the association of fyn with wasp is direct and requires the wasp proline-rich region and its likely binding to the fyn sh3 domain .	implication

based on an est cdna sequence aa220201 corresponding to the fsslsyk peptide obtained by nano es ms/ms sequencing of purified pp80 , forward and nested forward oligonucleotides ( ttgtcatacaagtctcgggaagaagacc and ggacagttagtgaataaatcggggcag ) and reverse and nested reverse oligonucleotides ( ctgcgggtgaaagtgtgctgtttggag and aggaggagggtg acctctgtgggtcc ) were used as primers for 3 ' - and 5'-rapid amplification of cdna end ( race ) reaction performed on leucocyte marathon-ready ( tm ) cdna ( clontech laboratories , inc. ) using the advantage ( r ) cdna pcr kit ( clontech laboratories , inc. ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions .	method
the race products were sequenced yielding the entire sequence of the 3 ' end of the coding region , whereas the 5 ' part of the coding region was still incomplete	method
and another round of 5 ' race had to be performed with atp-tailed raji cdna .	method
the cdna encoding mouse homologue of pag was cloned by a similar approach based on knowledge of mouse est sequences	method
covering the 5 ' and 3 ' regions of the gene .	method

in vitro gef activity toward ras or rac was performed as described ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	method
data are the mean +/ - sem of at least three independent experiments performed in triplicate .	method
results are expressed as the [ 3h ] gdp released after 20 min relative to time 0 , after	method
subtracting the background counts released in control reactions ( obtained in the presence of a mock immunoprecipitate ) .	method

proteins were separated by sds/page , transferred to an immobilon-p poly ( vinylidene difluoride ) membrane ( millipore , billerica , ma , usa ) and detected by an ecl prime ( ge healthcare bioscience )	method
as previously described [ 29 ] by using specific antibodies and appropriate horseradish-peroxidase-conjugated secondary antibodies including anti ( alpha ) -rabbit igg and alpha-mouse igg .	method
as primary antibodies , we used alpha-p53 antibody ( santa cruz ) , alpha-beta-actin antibody ( sigma-aldrich ) and antigen-purified alpha-tlp antibody and tfiiaalphabeta antibody	method
as described previously [ 29 ] .	method

erbb family members show high homology in the kinase domain ( 59-81 % identity ) ,	result
whereas the c-terminal domains are more divergent ( 11-25 % identity ) .	result
erbb3 was the receptor showing the weakest homology to the other three receptors .	result
nevertheless , characteristic sequences around two tyrosine residues are identical in all four receptors : tyrosines y900 of egfr , y908 of erbb2 , y897 of erbb3 and y906 of erbb4 , all are embedded in the sequence sdvwsygvtvw ; and	result
tyrosine y944 of egfr , y952 of erbb2 , y941 of erbb3 and y950 of erbb4 , all have the identical sequence ctidvymimvk ( underlined and color coded in figure 1 ) .	result
tyrosine 944 of the egf-receptor is phosphorylated by src-kinase ( stover et al , 1995 ) .	fact
to both of these shared tyrosine-containing sequences no interaction partners were found ,	result
suggesting that these sequences are conserved for structural functions or that they mediate other types of effects .	implication
furthermore , two pairs of phosphotyrosine-containing sequences are identical in egfr and erbb2 .	result
one of these pairs ( py764 in egfr and py772 in erbb2 ) has no interaction partner and the other ( py10l6 in egfr and py1023 in erbb2 ) mediates interaction with ptp-2c .	result
in addition , the protein sequence around py978 in egfr and py984 in erbb4 is identical , and in our experiments , binds stat5 and ptp-2c	result
when phosphorylated .	result

the effects observed	result
after expression of the dn versions of pkc-lambda and pkc-zeta were checked by pkc-lambda - and pkc-zeta-specific antisense constructs .	result
for this purpose , cells were transfected with constructs encoding isotype-specific 5 ' sequences targeted to the corresponding mrna .	method
as described previously	result
generation of these antisense rna sequences leads to an almost complete depletion of the endogenous apkc-lambda and -zeta ( kampfer et al. , 1998 ) .	result

tlp physically interacts with tfiia beta and tfiia alpha by anti tag coimmunoprecipitation ( view interaction )	implication
tfiia alpha/beta physically interacts with tlp by anti bait coip ( view interaction )	implication

the peroxisomal peak fractions of a sucrose density gradient were pooled and subsequently diluted	method
fivefold in gradient buffer ( erdmann and blobel , 1995 ) .	method
peroxisomes were concentrated by centrifugation at 25,000 g for 30 min .	method
the resultant pellet was resuspended in homogenization buffer ( erdmann et al. , 1989 ) supplemented with 50 mm kcl , but without protease inhibitors .	method
equal amounts of isolated peroxisomes were incubated for 10 min on ice with increasing amounts of proteinase k .	method
the proteinase was inhibited by the addition of 4 mm pmsf .	result
the proteins were then precipitated with tca	method
and the samples were processed for sds-page .	method

fusion proteins were derived by	method
transforming escherichia coli with pgex2t vectors containing full-length pstpip1 , ptp-pest , wasp , or cdc42 cdnas , or pcr-amplified fragments representing the pstpip1 coiled coil ( amino acids 120-358 ; pstpipcoil ) or sh3 ( amino acids 365-415 ; pstpipsh3 ) domains , or pqe-30 vectors ( qiagen ) containing the fyn , pst-pest , or pstpip1 cdnas .	method
fusion proteins were purified from isopropyl-1-thio-beta-d-galactopyranoside-induced bacteria using glutathione-coupled sepharose 4b or ni-nta agarose beads ( qiagen )	method
and the amount of bound protein was estimated by coomassie staining .	method
for binding studies , 5 mug immobilized gluthathione s-transferase ( gst )	method
fusion proteins were incubated for 2 h at 4degreesc with either 250 mum purified 6xhis-tagged protein or lysates from stimulated jurkat e6 cells .	method
the immune complexes were resolved by sds-page and	method
immunoblotting analysis was performed with the indicated antibodies .	method
to assay wasp-cdc42 binding , 100 mug gst-cdc42 or gst alone immobilized on glutathione sepharose 4b beads	goal
was incubated for 10 min at 30degreesc with 50 mul gtpgammas loading buffer ( 50 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 5 mm edta , 10 mm gtpgammas ) followed by the addition of 10 mm mgcl2 .	method
beads were then incubated in 5 mm mgcl2 for 2 h at 4degreesc with 0.5 mg lysates obtained from cos-7 cells 36 h after lipofectamine-mediated transfection of pcdna3.1 vectors	method
encoding either wasp or waspdeltagbd .	method
complexes were washed and resolved by sds-page and	method
sequential immunoblotting analysis was performed with anti-wasp and anti-cdc42 antibodies .	method

the above data indicate	implication
that , as a consequence of activation of rtks , the s/g complex is disrupted , whereas the s/e/e8 complex persists in the cell .	implication
this might lead to a transient peak in ras activity vis a vis a more prolonged activation of rac .	implication
therefore , we measured the kinetic of rtk-induced activation of ras and rac .	goal
as shown in fig. 8 d , activation of ras was rapid and short lived ,	result
whereas activation of rac was sustained over a longer period of time , compatible with the differential regulation of the corresponding activating complexes , s/g and s/e/e8 .	result

in addition to p21 , tlp and p53 are widely involved in growth repression and apoptosis of cells .	fact
the present study revealed	implication
that tfiia is also associated with the function of tlp .	implication
the results presented in fig. 7a show	result
that tlp-mediated growth repression is dependent on p53 .	implication
since tlp with decreased tfiia reactivity exhibited a weaker growth-inhibitory effect ( fig. 7b )	result
some parts of tlp-mediated growth repression can be governed by at least tlp - and tfiia-dependent transcription from the upstream promoter of the anti-mitotic p21 gene .	implication
furthermore , we observed	result
that tlp and tfiia are also involved in etoposide-mediated cell death ( fig. 7d ) .	result
we believe	hypothesis
that tlp and tfiia contribute to this phenomenon through interaction with the p21 upstream promoter .	hypothesis

the src homology 2 ( sh2 ) domain-containing	fact
inositol 5 ' phosphatase ( ship ) is a hematopoietic cell-specific phosphatase that negatively regulates phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ( pi3k ) pathway by consuming the lipid products of pi3k [ 14,15 ] .	fact
ship is a constitutively active enzyme located in cytosol .	fact
membrane translocation of ship is required for access to its substrates .	fact
upon stimulation of immunoreceptors , growth factor/cytokine receptors or toll-like receptors , ship translocates to the membrane	fact
where it is phosphorylated by membrane-associated src kinases [ 16-19 ] .	fact
in addition to the central catalytic domain , ship also contains an n-terminal sh2 domain , a c-terminal proline-rich domain , and two npxy motifs ,	fact
which can all associate with other cellular signaling proteins .	fact
thus , ship mediates its functions by both its catalytic domain and its protein-protein interaction domains .	fact
for example , the catalytic domain of ship regulates cellular responses by	fact
hydrolyzing pi3,4,5p3 into pi3,4p2 , thus antagonizing the pi3k pathway [ 15 ] ) .	fact
ship is also reported	result
to suppress activation of the ras pathway , in some cases , by virtue of its interaction with dok , a ras gap activator [ 20 ] , and/or its interactions with the ras adapter shc [ 21-23 ] .	result

recently , it was demonstrated	fact
that akt serine-threonine kinase is involved in the activation of nf-kappab by tnf 24 .	fact
although the results described above do not suggest a role for nik in tnfr-i signaling	implication
it is possible that nik plays an important role in nf-kappab activation in combination with akt .	hypothesis
we therefore tested the combined effect of nik and akt in the nf-kappab-inducing pathway downstream of the tnfr-i .	method
ikappabalpha degradation occurred 10 min after tnf stimulation in wild-type efs , even in the presence of 1 mum wortmannin , a sufficient concentration for blockade of the pi ( 3 ) k-akt pathway ( references 24 and 25 ; fig. 1 d ) .	result
this suggests	implication
that akt , the downstream target of pi ( 3 ) k , by itself has no major role in nf-kappab activation by tnf .	implication
additionally , no obvious effect of wortmannin on ikappabalpha degradation was observed in aly mouse efs ,	result
indicating that nf-kappab activation by tnf can occur even when the functions of both nik and akt are inhibited .	implication
we failed to observe phosphorylation of akt in response to tnf	result
when we probed the same blot with phospho-specific anti-akt ab in this experimental setting ( data not shown ) .	result
these results suggest	implication
that neither nik nor akt is essential for nf-kappab activation by tnf and that other ikk kinase ( s ) can substitute for nik and akt in nf-kappab activation by tnf , at least in efs .	implication
elucidation of the ikk kinase ( s )	problem
that activates ikk in response to tnf awaits further study .	problem

trf2 is a small multimeric protein	fact
that binds to duplex telomeric ( ttaggg ) repeats and recruits hrap1 , ercc1/xpf , wrn , and the mre11/rad50/nbs1 complex to chromosome ends ( li et al. 2000 ; zhu et al. 2000 , zhu et al. 2000 2003 ; opresko et al. 2002 ; machwe et al. 2004 ) .	fact
trf2 can be inhibited with a dominant-negative allele , trf2deltabdeltam ,	fact
which removes the endogenous trf2 complex from telomeres ( van steensel et al. 1998 ) .	fact
upon expression of trf2deltabdeltam , telomeres become uncapped and experience a series of deleterious events , including association with dna damage response factors such as 53bp1 , cleavage of the telomeric 3 ' overhang by ercc1/xpf , and telomere-telomere ligation by dna ligase iv ( van steensel et al. 1998 ; de lange 2002 ; smogorzewska et al. 2002 ; takai et al. 2003 ; zhu et al. 2003 ) .	fact
the dna damage response to uncapped telomeres induces phosphorylation of dna damage response proteins , including h2ax , smc1 , rad17 , chk1 , and chk2 , and upregulation of p53 , p21 , and p16 , resulting in a g1 arrest	fact
karlseder et al. 1999 ; smogorzewska and de lange 2002 ; d'adda di fagagna et al. 2003 ) .	none
primary human cells with telomere damage undergo apoptosis or senescence ( karlseder et al. 1999 ; smogorzewska and de lange 2002 ) .	fact

the association of y291 phosphorylation with induction of wasp effector activity raises the possibility	hypothesis
that wasp activation also involves its interactions with sh2 domain-containing signaling effectors .	hypothesis
such effectors may include wasp-binding adaptors , such as nck and grb2 , and kinases , such as fyn ,	hypothesis
whose interactions with wasp are mediated via sh3 domain binding to the wasp polyproline region , but may also involve sh2 domain binding to the wasp phosphorylated y291 residue .	hypothesis
phosphorylation at the y291 site may also enable currently undefined wasp interactions with sh2 domain-containing effectors and thereby broaden the repertoire of wasp binding so as	hypothesis
to facilitate wasp activation as well as its participation in tcr-evoked signaling cascades .	hypothesis
similarly , although fyn appears to represent the major mediator of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation in t cells , the current data do not exclude the possibility	hypothesis
that wasp ligands include tyrosine phosphatases , which like ptp-pest , target wasp for dephosphorylation and functional deactivation .	hypothesis
although these issues require further investigation , the data presented here indicate the modulation of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation by fyn and ptp-pest	implication
to be critical to the induction of wasp effector activity in t cells and thus identify wasp tyrosine phosphorylation as essential to its contributions to the coupling of tcr engagement to t cell activation .	implication

for	method
assaying fz expression , cells were lysed in tnt buffer on ice ( 50 mm tris-hcl , 150 mm nacl , 1 % triton x-100 ) .	method
after	method
clearing lysates with high-speed spin , protein supernatants were diluted into sds sample buffer .	method
in erk1,2 phosphorylation assays , cells were lysed in hot sample buffer ( 62.5 mm tris , 2 % sds , 10 % glycerol , 50 mm dtt , 0.01 % bromophenol blue ) supplemented with protease inhibitors ( complete inhibitors ; roche , basel , switzerland ) and then passaged 10 times through a 25-gauge syringe .	method
for visualization of beta-catenin accumulation in 293 cells , cells were lysed by hypotonic lysis :	method
cells were scraped into hypotonic buffer ( 10 mm tris-hcl , 0.2 mm mgcl 2 [ ph 7.4 ] ) supplemented with protease and phosphatase inhibitors , incubated on ice for 10 min , and homogenized using a tight-fitting glass dounce .	method
sucrose and edta were added to final concentrations of 0.25 m and 1 mm , respectively .	method
lysates were then centrifuged at 20,000 x g for 1 h at 4 degreesc .	method
supernatant representing cytosolic cell fraction was then diluted into sds sample buffer .	method

it has been reported	fact
that the import receptors pex5p and pex7p interact with each other in the yeast two-hybrid system , which opened the possibility that both proteins may form a heteromeric cytosolic signal recognition complex ( rehling et al. , 1996 ) .	hypothesis
however , the yeast two-hybrid system does not necessarily distinguish between a direct and indirect binding of two s. cerevisiae proteins ,	problem
as endogenous proteins may contribute to the observed interaction .	problem
as pex14p can bind both import receptors , we investigated	fact
whether the pex5p/pex7p interaction is still observed in a yeast two-hybrid reporter strain deleted for the genomic copy of pex14 ( huhse et al. , 1998 ) .	hypothesis
as shown in fig. 1 , the interaction of the two import receptors strictly depended on the presence of pex14p which may be required for the activation of either receptor	result
or it may function as a bridging molecule between pex5p and pex7p .	hypothesis

an overview of the distribution of the interaction partners of the different members of the erbb-receptor family shows clear differences between individual receptors , but also a large overlap ( figure 1 , supplementary table i ) .	result
egfr is the family member with most interaction partners and the highest percentage of tyrosine residues with more than one binding partner .	result
erbb3 is characterized by a large number of binding sites for phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase ( pi3k ) ,	result
while erbb2 has only few interaction partners with shc as the most frequent one .	result
erbb4 and egfr have a variety of phosphotyrosines that bind grb2 , or grb2 and shc .	result
egfr and erbb4 have a greater diversity of interaction partners than erbb2 and erbb3 .	result
all interactions found in this study have been submitted to the public molecular interaction database ( zanzoni et al , 2002 ) .	method

imr90 primary lung fibroblasts ( atcc , manassas , virginia , united states ) and ag02496 and ag04405 primary a-t fibroblasts ( coriell cell repository , camden , new jersey , united states ; pd 12 and pd 15 ) were grown and infected with retroviruses	method
as described elsewhere ( karlseder et al. 2002 ) .	method
for gamma-irradiation , 3 105 cells were seeded in 5-cm culture dishes and exposed to a ce137 source .	method
where indicated	method
the medium was replaced with medium containing 10 mm caffeine ( sigma , st. louis , missouri , united states ) and 1 mug/ml colcemide ( sigma ) .	method
indirect immunofluorescence was performed	method
as described ( smogorzewska et al. 2000 ; takai et al. 2003 ) .	method

to determine whether membrane localization is the only function of the nh2-terminal ph domain , we fused the nh2terminal 20 amino acids of c-src ,	goal
containing the myristoylation site and a basic region , in front of a c580 tiam1 protein , resulting in ms-c580 tiam1 ( see materials and methods ) .	method
c580 tiam1 encompasses the cooh-terminal 580 amino acids and encodes the dh domain and adjacent ph domain ( fig. 6 a ) .	result
similar to the c682 tiam1 protein ( see fig. 2 b )	result
the c580 tiam1 protein did not induce membrane ruffling and was not localized at the plasma membrane ( figs .	result
6 a and 7 a ) .	result
in contrast , the ms-c580 tiam1 protein induced	result
ruffling in both nih3t3 cells and cos-7 cells ( fig. 6 b ) , albeit less extensively than c1199 tiam1 ( fig. 3 a ) .	result
no differences were observed in the expression levels of these proteins ( fig. 4 , lanes 10-12 ) .	result
immuno-em showed	result
that ms-c580 tiam1 was able to associate with the plasma membrane ( fig. 7 b ) , although this protein seemed to be more interiorly located than the mutant c1199 tiam1 proteins ( compare figs. 5 and 7 b ) .	result
furthermore , part of the expressed ms-c580 tiam1 protein was present around vesicle-like structures in the cytoplasm , similar to other ms-containing tiam1 fusion proteins	result
see for example fig. 6 e , inset ) .	result
a fusion protein containing the nh2-terminal src domain in front of the c1199-deltaphn tiam1 protein was also able	result
to localize at the plasma membrane and to cause ruffling ( data not shown ) .	result
the src membrane localization domain thus enables c580 tiam1 and c1199-deltaphn	implication
to induce membrane ruffling by tethering these proteins to the plasma membrane .	implication

to investigate which of the conserved domains in tiam1 determines the intracellular localization	goal
small deletions were made in each of these domains within the c1199 construct ( see fig. 3 and materials and methods ) .	method
these mutant proteins were transiently expressed in cos-7 cells	method
to analyze their intracellular localization and ability to induce membrane ruffling .	goal
transfection of these mutant tiam1 constructs in nih3t3 cells resulted in the same phenotypic changes ( not shown ) .	result
although tiam1 is endogenously expressed in cos-7 cells and nih3t3 cells	result
the levels are too low to be visualized by immunocytochemistry or western blotting .	result
if phenotypic changes were induced by the transfection of tiam1 mutants	result
they were found in > 80 % of the transfected cells .	result

in this study , we identify grb2 as a specific binding partner to tyrosines y1199 and y1268 of erbb3 .	result
other studies have identified grb7 as a specific binding partner to those tyrosine residues using immunoprecipitation and western blots as detection method	result
but assays with synthetic peptides indicated that grb2 can also bind to y1199 and y1268 , but with a lower affinity ( fiddes et al , 1998 ) .	result
we have not identified grb7 at all in the peptide pull-downs using whole-cell lysate and could not detect grb7 expression in hela cells by western blotting ( data not shown ) .	result
therefore , the differences in interaction partner may be due to the use of a different cell type .	implication
this example illustrates	implication
that the results of our assay depend on expression of the binding partner in vivo , and may be different for different cell types .	implication

to determine whether ship regulates the production of anti-inflammatory cytokines by infected macrophages	goal
we next measured il-10 production .	method
here ship+/+ and ship-/ - bmms were infected with f. novicida for 8 h .	method
cell supernatants from uninfected and infected cells were analyzed by elisa for il-10 .	method
the results shown in figure 8 demonstrate	result
that ship+/+ bmms produce significantly higher levels of il-10 than the ship-/ - cells .	result

the wiskott-aldrich syndrome protein ( wasp ) is a hemopoietic lineage-restricted cytosolic effector of t cell activation , integrally involved in the coupling of tcr engagement	fact
to transcriptional activation and cytoskeletal rearrangement ( 1 ) .	fact
wasp effects on tcr signaling are mediated through its tandemly located gtpase binding domain ( gbd ) and	fact
proline-rich region , flanking nh2-terminal-located ena/vasp homology 1 , and cooh-terminal verprolin homology central region-acidic region ( vca ) domains .	fact
the vca domain represents a newly identified structural motif	fact
that provides wasp and several wasp-related proteins with the capacity to bind components of the arp2/3 complex and thereby induce arp2/3 actin-nucleating activity ( 2,3 ) .	fact
affinity of this domain for arp2/3 complex binding has very recently been shown	result
to be enhanced by its constitutive serine phosphorylation ( 4 ) .	result
the other functional domains of wasp complement this activity by mediating effector interactions	fact
that enable wasp recruitment into tcr signaling pathways and the consequent linkage of tcr stimulatory signals to induction of actin polymerization .	fact
for example , tcr-stimulated binding of the wasp proline-rich region to the sh3 domain-containing proline , serine , threonine phosphatase interacting protein ( pstpip ) 1 adaptor , allows	fact
wasp to be targeted to the t cell-apc interface and thereby direct the regional actin cytoskeletal rearrangements required for formation of the immunological synapse ( 5 ) .	fact
similarly , wasp proline-rich region-mediated interactions with other sh3 domain-containing adaptors , such as crkl and intersectin 2 , and wasp ena/vasp homology 1 domain-mediated interactions with the wasp-interacting protein , wip , appear	result
to enable wasp translocation to specific subcellular sites wherein its actin polymerizing properties can be deployed so as to augment cell activation ( 6-9 ) .	result
such interactions may also account for the capacity of wasp to modulate lipid raft clustering after tcr engagement ( 10 ) .	implication
by contrast , the wasp gbd mediates an interaction with the activated form of the cdc42 rho gtpase that does not modulate wasp localization , but instead induces wasp actin polymerizing function by	result
releasing wasp from an autoinhibitory structural configuration that constrains vca effects on the arp2/3 complex ( 11 ) .	result

several controversies exist in the literature today regarding the mechanisms	problem
by which wnt proteins signal .	problem
much of the conflicting data , however , can be attributed to the variety of cellular and organismal systems studied coupled with the previous lack of soluble , active wnt proteins .	problem
in the case of wnt5a , for example , one report has shown	result
that overexpression of wnt5a inhibits canonical signaling by promoting the degradation of beta-catenin protein [ 16 ] .	result
by contrast , we found	result
that , in accordance with other groups , wnt5a protein treatment has no affect on beta-catenin protein levels but rather inhibits canonical wnt signaling at the level of tcf transcription [ 17 , 18 , 33 ] .	result
although our data are in agreement with wnt5a overexpression studies by ishitani et al. [ 17 ] with respect to the inhibition occurring downstream of beta-catenin protein stabilization	result
we found that wnt5a does not stimulate ca 2+ flux and that wnt5a-mediated inhibition is not sensitive to pertussis toxin treatment .	result
these data effectively eliminate g protein-mediated activation of calcium signaling as the primary mechanism of wnt5a-mediated inhibition .	implication

the structural and biochemical data showing wasp actin polymerizing properties to be constitutively , but	implication
reversibly , autoinhibited , provide a mechanical explanation for the inducibility of actin cytoskeletal change in response to cell stimulation ( 12 , 13 ) .	implication
however , data showing that wasp promotes clustering in the absence of cdc42 binding imply	result
that wasp arp2/3 stimulatory function can be evoked by mechanisms other than cdc42-gtp association with its gbd ( 13 ) .	implication
this possibility is also suggested by nuclear magnetic resonance data showing	implication
that a wasp tyrosine residue ( y291 ) in close proximity to the wasp gbd is structurally positioned such that its phosphorylation might disrupt wasp autoinhibitory conformation and thereby evoke vca domain activity ( 12 ) .	implication
this tyrosine residue has been shown to be phosphorylated in vitro by the protein tyrosine kinases ( ptks ) btk and hck ( 14 , 15 )	result
and its phosphorylation has been associated with enhanced macrophage filopodium formation ( 15 ) .	result
however ,	problem
although wasp has also been shown to interact with fyn and itk ( 16 , 17 ) , the regulation of its tyrosine phosphorylation and the relevance of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation to its biological functions in t cells remain unknown .	problem

wnt proteins are found in all metazoan organisms and	fact
as many as 19 mammalian homologs are known ( wnt home page : http : //www.stanford.edu/~rnusse/wntwindow.html ) .	fact
while homologs have a high degree of sequence similarity	fact
expression of different wnt proteins can lead to vastly different developmental outcomes .	fact
in the most well-understood " canonical " wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway , in the absence of a wnt ligand , the main mediator of the signal relay , beta-catenin , is bound in a cytosolic protein complex containing axin , the adenomatous polyposis coli gene product ( apc ) , glycogen synthase kinase-3beta ( gsk-3beta ) , and other proteins .	fact
axin and apc serve as	fact
scaffolding proteins that enable gsk-3beta to phosphorylate beta-catenin , thereby targeting it for ubiquitination by betatrcp ( beta-transducin repeat-containing homologue protein ) and subsequent degradation in the proteasome .	fact
cytosolic beta-catenin protein levels are thus kept low in the absence of ligand stimulation .	fact
wnt protein binding	fact
to cognate frizzled ( fz ) and low-density lipoprotein ( ldl ) receptor-related protein ( lrp ) 5/6 coreceptors leads to the activation of the dishevelled ( dvl ) protein , which then inhibits gsk-3beta-mediated phosphorylation of beta-catenin .	fact
cytosolic beta-catenin protein becomes	fact
stabilized and newly synthesized beta-catenin is able to accumulate and then translocate to the nucleus where binding to t-cell factor ( tcf ) /lymphoid enhancer factor ( lef ) transcription factors leads to the activation of target gene expression [ 1 ] .	fact

ests gh04846 and gh16429 encoding draga/cg11968 and dragc/cg8707 , respectively , were purchased from the drosophila genomics resource center ( bloomington , in ) .	method
wild type and pcr-generated mutant versions of these cdnas were subcloned into puast and injected into w1118 embryos by standard procedures ( model system genomics , duke university ) .	method
p [ epgy2 ] ey11726 is a lethal insertion in the 5-utr of dragc/cg8707 .	method
transposase-mediated excision of this line resulted in complete restoration of viability .	method
to generate homozyogous dragc clones	method
the ey11726 element was recombined with frt42d .	method
clones of	method
cells for dragcey11726 or rheb2d1 mutant or expressing drag transgenes were generated as described47 .	method
flies were cultured on standard cornmeal/molasses/agar medium at 25 degreesc .	method

supplementary figure 1	none

quiescent cells ( g0-arrested ) were obtained by	method
incubating confluent cultures in serum-free medium for 24-48 h .	method
cells were then treated with various agents	method
as described in results and figure legends .	method

the signaling function of tlrs depends on intracellular adaptors	fact
2 . myd88 transmits signals emanating from all tlrs , except tlr3 , and from the interleukin-1 receptor ( il-1r ) .	fact
another signaling adaptor , trif ( also called ticam1 ) ( http : //www.signaling-gateway.org/molecule/query ? afcsid=a004068 ) , specifically mediates	fact
tlr3 and tlr4 signaling 8-10 .	fact
tlr4 is unique in	fact
that it induces both myd88 - and trif-dependent signaling pathways .	fact
myd88-mediated signaling involves recruitment and activation of il-1r-associated kinases ( iraks ) 11 .	fact
upon activation , iraks interact with and activate traf6 , an e3 ubiquitin ligase	fact
that specifically catalyzes lysine 63 ( k63 ) -linked ubiquitin chains 12 . traf6-mediated k63 ubiquitination plays a critical role in transducing tlr-proximal signals to downstream events , particularly the activation of ikk and nf-kappab 13 .	fact

it has been reported	result
that tfiia can be recruited to some tata-less promoters as well as tfiid-dependent tata-containing promoters [ 26,27,30,31 ] .	result
in this study , we demonstrated	result
that tfiiaalphabeta activates the upstream promoter additively with native tlp ( fig. 3a-b , c ) .	result
we investigated	goal
whether tfiia is associated with p21 promoters .	goal
although we detected chromatin-bound tfiia in the upstream promoter region ( p53re ) as well as the downstream promoter region ( tata-box ) ( fig. 5b )	result
the amount of tfiia was larger for the downstream promoter ( fig. 5b-c ) , possibly due to tfiid-assisted recruitment .	result
we performed tfiia knockdown experiments to examine tfiia function for p21 gene regulation , and	method
we found that the production of alt-a mrna was dependent on the amount of tfiia ( fig. 5c ) .	result
the amount of p21 variant-1 ( fig. 5c ) and the total amount of p21 mrna ( data not shown ) were also decreased in tfiia-depressed cells .	result

csk is a ubiquitously	fact
expressed major negative regulator of src family kinases and phosphorylates a negative regulatory tyrosine residue near the cooh terminus of the enzymes 525354 .	result
csk-deficient mice die in utero because of abnormalities in neuronal development 5556 ,	result
which are obviously due to uncontrolled activity of src kinases .	implication
in addition , elimination of csk in thymocytes results in development of cd4+ t cells independent from pre-tcr-mediated signals 57 .	result
these data indicate	implication
that expression of csk is required to maintain homeostasis in several tissues , including the immune system .	implication
csk per se is not a membrane-associated polypeptide ,	fact
as it does not possess a membrane-targeting motif ( e.g. , myristylation or palmitoylation sites as those present in most src kinases ) .	fact
thus , in order to regulate src kinase activity , a fraction of csk has	hypothesis
to translocate from the cytosol to the plasma membrane .	hypothesis
we propose here	hypothesis
that one such mechanism is based on csk association with pag .	hypothesis
this model would be in agreement with recent data showing	implication
that the sh2 domain of csk is apparently involved in targeting of csk to the plasma membrane and is required for csk-mediated inhibition of t cell activation 58 .	implication

cdc 42 - , rac-1 - , and	fact
rho-induced focal complexes are morphologically distinct but share a variety of constituents like vinculin , paxillin , and pp125 fak ( nobes and hall , 1995 ) .	fact
evidence for a hierarchical relationship between cdc 42 , rac and rho ,	result
in which activation of cdc 42 leads to a sequential activation of rac and rho has been presented ( nobes and hall , 1995 ) .	result
the detailed mechanisms , however ,	problem
regulating the assembly and the spatial organization of the different structures of actin filaments are still insufficiently understood .	problem
in view of the similarities between rho - and rac-induced focal complexes and the well-documented implication of pkc in the assembly of integrin-containing focal adhesions , a similar role of representatives of the pkc family in the formation of rac-regulated focal complexes appears conceivable .	hypothesis
an implication of enzymes of the pkc family in cytoskeleton organization is supported by a series of published observations	implication
for review see keenan and keleher , 1998 ) .	implication
the interleukin ( il ) -2-mediated alteration of the cytoskeleton has recently been demonstrated	result
to require atypical apkc-zeta ( gomez et al. , 1997 ) .	result
transforming ras has been shown to activate pkc ( morris et al. , 1989 ) .	result
evidence for an implication of atypical apkc-lambda in the v-ras-mediated activation and nuclear translocation of mitogen-activated protein kinase has been presented ( bjorkoy et al. , 1997 ) .	implication
induction of c-fos by oncogenic ras has recently been shown	result
to require the coordinated activities of pkc-lambda , pkc-epsilon , and pkc-zeta ( kampfer et al. , 1998 ) .	result
however ,	problem
whether the ras-mediated reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton is pkc dependent , which pkc isotypes are involved , and what their function in the ras-mediated restructuring of the cytoskeleton is , has remained unclear .	problem

to raise polyclonal antibodies against pstpip and p130cas	goal
rabbits were injected intramuscularly with either 100 mug of purified gst pstpip ( aa 247-415 ) or gst p130cas ( aa 21-521 ) in pbs emulsified in complete freund 's adjuvant .	method
rabbits were boosted with the immunogens emulsified in incomplete freund 's adjuvant every 3 wk .	method
between each injection , samples of serums from rabbits were collected and analyzed for their abilities	method
to detect either pstpip or p130cas in western blotting experiments .	method
when the titer of the antibodies in the serum was judged satisfactory	method
the antibodies were further purified by protein a-agarose columns ( bio-rad ) for use in western blotting or used directly for immunoprecipitation experiments ( 5 mul ) .	method
the anti-pstpip antibody was conjugated	method
using a peroxidase labeling kit ( boehringer mannheim corp. ) .	method

jnk and p38 are strongly activated by il-1 , tnf-alpha , cell stress , and lps ( 29-33 ) .	fact
jnk phosphorylates the transactivation domain of c-jun ,	fact
which is involved in the activation of activator protein 1-dependent genes , including genes involved in inflammatory responses ( 29-31 ) .	fact
p38 is also involved in activation of gene expression and protein synthesis during inflammation , including il-1-induced il-6 and prostaglandin synthesis ( 34 ) .	fact
the proximal events responsible for il-1-induced jnk and p38 activation are only partially understood .	fact
we therefore compared il-1-induced activation of jnk and p38 in irak-deficient and control ef cells .	result
jnk activity was measured by in vitro kinase assays of jnk immunoprecipitates , using c-jun as substrate .	method
activation of jnk was reduced in irak-deficient cells by two - to threefold at all concentrations of il-1 tested ,	result
although not completely eliminated ( fig. 2 ) .	result
this defect in jnk activation was il-1 specific ,	result
since tnf-alpha-induced jnk activity was comparable in control and irak-deficient cells .	result
activation of p38 was measured in p38 immunoprecipitates	method
using mapkapk-2 as a substrate .	method
il-1-induced activation of p38 was also reduced in irak-deficient cells compared with control cells , by three - to fivefold at all concentrations of il-1 tested .	result
in contrast , tnf-alpha-induced p38 activity was similar in control and irak-deficient cells ( fig. 2 ) .	result
these results demonstrate that il-1-induced jnk and p38 activities are both specifically reduced in irak-deficient cells	implication
and implicate irak as the most proximal signaling component in the activation of the jnk and p38 pathways .	implication

the methods and their associated references appear only online .	none

the human telomere-associated protein trf2 inhibits atm kinase ,	result
suggesting a mechanism by which the telomeric protein complex prevents the activation of this dna damage response transducer	implication

using a polyclonal antibody raised against pstpip	method
we analyzed its tyrosine phosphorylation level in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) and ( +/- ) cells by immunoprecipitation , followed by antiphosphotyrosine immunoblotting .	method
data from spencer et al. ( 1997 ) suggested that pstpip tyrosine phosphorylation was controlled by the members of the pest family of ptps	implication
and fig. 7 shows that pstpip was hyperphosphorylated in the ptp-pest knockout cell line .	implication
taken together with the fact that pstpip is a direct substrate for ptp-hscf ( spencer et al. , 1997 ) , and that this substrate effect required the conserved cooh-terminal proline-rich binding domain	implication
these results suggest that pstpip could be a substrate for ptp-pest in fibroblasts .	hypothesis
the same experiment was performed on pstpip2 , a protein with high homology to pstpip	method
which binds to the pest type ptps but does not contain the sh3 domain , and is not a substrate for the pest family of ptps ( wu et al. , 1998a ) .	fact
the phosphorylation level of pstpip2 was similar in the ( +/- ) and the ( -/- ) cell lines ( data not shown ) , suggesting the presence of another level of specificity , such as substrate recognition/activity in ptp-pest .	result

this study identifies rag gtpases as novel positive regulators of torc1 in amino acid signaling	implication
a conclusion supported by biochemical studies in mammalian cells and genetic studies in drosophila .	result
future study	goal
to elucidate the molecular mechanism of rag in amino acid sensing and torc1 activation will shed new insight into this important pathway .	goal

immuno-em analyses of transfected cos cells showed	result
that all mutant proteins were equally present in the cytoplasm and at the plasma membrane ( fig. 5 ) , except for mutant c1199 tiam1 , which contains a deletion in the nh2terminal ph domain ( c1199-deltaphn ) .	result
this protein was almost exclusively localized in the cytoplasm ( fig. 5 d ) , similar to the c682 tiam1 protein ( fig. 2 b ) .	result
the c1199-deltadh tiam1 protein ,	result
which carries a deletion in the catalytic dh domain and does not induce membrane ruffling , was still capable of associating with the plasma membrane ( fig. 5 b ) .	result
this clearly shows	implication
that membrane localization of tiam1 is not a consequence of the induction of membrane ruffling .	implication
therefore , it can be concluded	implication
that the nh2-terminal ph domain is essential for the membrane localization of c1199 tiam1 and that this membrane localization is required for the formation of membrane ruffles .	implication

to correlate our findings with in vivo phosphorylation of the receptor	goal
we directly analyzed the kinetics of phosphorylation of several sites upon egf stimulation by mass spectrometry .	method
phosphopeptides of immunoprecipitated egfr were analyzed by lc-ms/ms after different times of stimulation with egf .	method
for these experiments , different cell populations were completely silac labeled with either arg0 , arg6 or arg10 .	method
arg0 populations were left unstimulated ,	method
arg6 populations were stimulated for either 2 or 4 min , and arg10 populations were stimulated for eight or 15 min .	method
ratios between tryptic phosphopeptides in their arg0 , arg6 and arg10 forms in the combined immunoprecipitations allowed one	method
to monitor the abundance of these tryptic phosphopeptides as a function of time after egf stimulation ( blagoev et al , 2004 ) .	method
in this experiment , we identified a novel egfr phosphorylation site by the tryptic peptide containing the phosphorylated tyrosine residue y998 ( figure 6a ) .	result
in total , tryptic peptides to six phosphorylation sites were analyzed ( figure 6b ) .	method
peptides of phosphorylated y1110 , y1172 and y1197 showed highest ratios at 2-4 min of stimulation	result
and these ratios decreased with longer egf stimulation .	result
in contrast , src-kinase phosphorylation site y869 displayed a decrease in ratio at 4 min of stimulation ,	result
which was accompanied by an increase in ratio of the nonphosphorylated tryptic peptide .	result
the novel phosphorylation site at y998 displayed a gradual increase in ratio over 15 min of stimulation , and	result
the phosphorylation site at y801 was maximally activated as late as 8 min after start of egf stimulation ( figure 6b ) .	result
however , in interpreting the kinetics of such curves , it has	fact
to be kept in mind that the amount of egfr immunoprecipitated by the phosphotyrosine antibody will depend on the total tyrosine phosphorylation of the receptor in addition to the phosphorylation of the site under investigation .	fact

one explanation for why wnt5a is unable to inhibit wnt3a-mediated beta-catenin signaling when mfz4 is overexpressed is	hypothesis
that in 293fz4 cells , increased mfz4 receptor binding sites may titrate available wnt5a protein away from an alternative receptor carrying out its inhibitory function .	hypothesis
to investigate this hypothesis	goal
we turned to the orphan receptor mror2 , a single-pass transmembrane tyrosine kinase with proposed kinase-dependent and -independent activities [ 25 , 42 ] .	method
mror2 is an appealing candidate receptor mediating wnt5a 's inhibitory activity because wnt5a and mror2 have overlapping expression patterns	fact
their knockout phenotypes are similar , and mror2 has been shown previously to act synergistically with wnt5a to activate jun kinase [ 22 - 26 ] .	fact
in addition , cam-1 , the c. elegans ror2 homolog , has been shown to inhibit canonical wnt signaling-mediated cell migration ,	result
although the wnt ligand mediating this inhibition remains to be determined [ 21 ] .	result

besides fyn , the only other candidate molecule reproducibly found to associate with pag in a variety of cells ( resting t cells , raji , and jurkat cells ) was the ptk csk ( fig. 7 c ) .	result
analysis of pag immunoprecipitates prepared from transfected cos cells indicated	method
that the interaction between pag and csk requires tyrosine phosphorylation of pag by src kinases ( fig. 7 d ) .	result
moreover , pp1-mediated dephosphorylation of pag in peripheral blood t cells resulted in a significant loss of the pag-associated csk ( fig. 7 b ) .	result
finally , expression of pag molecules in which the ten cytoplasmic tyrosine residues were individually mutated to phenylalanine further revealed	result
that the association between pag and csk is to a large extent mediated via the tyrosine residue y317 ( fig. 7 e ) .	result
in contrast , under the same experimental conditions , fyn bound to all of the pag tyrosine mutants investigated .	result
this further confirms	implication
that the pag-fyn interaction is probably phosphotyrosine independent .	implication
taken together , these data indicate	implication
that after phosphorylation by src family ptks , pag recruits csk to the plasma membrane via a mechanism involving y317 and independent from an association between pag and fyn .	implication

much less is known about the roles of protein tyrosine phosphatases ( ptp ) in cell migration .	problem
recently , shp-2 ( yu et al. , 1998 ) was shown	result
to regulate focal adhesions , cell spreading , and migration .	fact
overexpression of a dominant negative mutant of ptp1b resulted in defect in integrin-mediated adhesion and signaling in fibroblasts ( arregui et al. , 1998 ) .	result
lar , a transmembrane ptp , was found to localize to focal adhesions and postulated	result
to regulate their disassembly ( serra-pages et al. , 1995 ) .	hypothesis
another receptor-like ptp , ptp-alpha , was shown	result
to regulate the activity of src and thus regulate cell-substratum adhesion ( harder et al. , 1998 ) .	result
another example is the bacterial ptp , yersinia yoph ,	result
that , once translocated into a cell , dephosphorylates p130cas and fak , and destabilizes focal adhesions ( black and bliska , 1997 ; persson et al. , 1997 ) .	result
another ptp	fact
that dephosphorylates p130cas is ptp-pest ( garton et al. , 1996 ) .	fact
ptp-pest contains the typical tyrosine phosphatase catalytic domain flanked by proline-rich regions	fact
that were shown to interact with several signaling proteins including grb2 ( charest et al. , 1997 ) , paxillin ( shen et al. , 1998 ; cote , j.-f. , c.e. turner , and m.l. tremblay , manuscript submitted for publication ) , as well as p130cas ( garton et al. , 1997 ) and its two related family members , sin and hef1 ( cote et al. , 1998 ) .	result
furthermore , we found	result
that an nplh motif on the cooh-terminal tail of ptp-pest was responsible for a constitutive association with the ptb domain of the adaptor protein shc ( charest et al. , 1996 ) .	result
dephosphorylation of p130cas can counteract the migration effects of the fak and src kinases	hypothesis
and ptp-pest is therefore a potential regulator of cell motility .	hypothesis

hela cells were lysed in 1 % ( v/v ) nonident p-40 , 150 mm sodium chloride , 50 mm tris-hcl ph 7.5 , 1 mm sodium orthovanadate and protease inhibitors ( complete tablets , roche ) , and incubated at 4degreesc with respective primary antibodies .	method
depending on the host animal of the antibody , protein-a-sepharose or protein-g-sepharose beads were added after 2 h and incubated for an additional 4 h .	method
after three rounds of washes , coprecipitated proteins were eluted in sample buffer for sds gel electrophoresis .	method
for peptide competition analyses , 250 mug ( 125 nmol ) of phosphorylated or nonphosphorylated peptide was added to the immunoprecipitation reaction .	method
stat5 was immunprecipitated with an antibody directed against stat5a and b isoforms ( santa cruz )	method
egfr was immunoprecipitated with a polyclonal antibody ( santa cruz ) .	method
for immunoprecipitation of tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins , we used the 4g10-anti-phosphotyrosine antibody ( upstate cell signaling technologies ) .	method

the data shown in figs. 3 and 4 clearly indicate	result
that the ras-mediated alteration of actin cytoskeleton is antagonized by an isotype-specific inhibition or depletion of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta .	result
these findings strongly suggest	implication
that the ras-mediated reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton is mediated by these two atypical apkc isotypes .	implication

actin polymerization was evaluated by	method
assaying increase in fluorescence of pyrene-labeled actin using the actin polymerization kit from cytoskeleton , inc .	method
for these assays , cdc42-v12 , ptp-pest , and pstpip1 were purified as gst fusion proteins and	method
these proteins or fyn ( upstate biotechnology ) were added alone or in combination with 1.5x actin polymerization kit buffer containing 20 nm arp2/3 complex , 100 nm gst-wasp or waspdeltagbd fusion protein , and 100 mul monomer pyrene actin stock in g buffer ( 5mm tris-hcl , ph 8.0 , 0.2 mm cacl2 , 0.5 mm dtt , and 0.2 mm atp ) , with the final concentration of g actin being 2.8 mum .	method
fluorescence changes were monitored every minute for	method
over 1 h at room temperature using a fluorometer ( photon technology international ) with filters for excitation at 365 nm and emission at 407 nm .	method

our observation of significant reduction in multiple signaling pathways and in il-6 production induced by il-1 in irak-deficient cells suggests	implication
that inhibitors of irak or irak-related kinases may be therapeutically useful for the treatment of il-1-mediated inflammatory diseases .	hypothesis

5 x 107 jurkat or raji cells were starved for 1 h at 37degreesc in 50 ml of plain rpmi 1640 medium .	method
then , 2.5-mci radiolabeled palmitate ( [ 9,10 ( n ) -3h ] palmitic acid , specific activity 40-60 ci/mmol ; amersham pharmacia biotech ) in 100 mul ethanol and 10 % extensively dialyzed	method
fcs ( against pbs ) was added .	method
after 3 h at 37degreesc , the cells were washed and solubilized in a 1 % laurylmaltoside lysis buffer , and	method
the postnuclear supernatant was used for immunoprecipitation followed by sds-page .	method
the wet gel was treated with amplify solution ( amersham pharmacia biotech ) according to the manufacturer 's recommendation , dried , and subjected	method
to fluorography for 3 wk .	method

this model is supported by studies demonstrating that cotransfection with plasmids encoding l61ras and either apkc-lambda or apkc-zeta results in a stimulation of the kinase activity of both enzymes .	implication
furthermore , the ras-mediated activation of pkc-zeta was abrogated by coexpression of dn rac-1 n17 .	result

for co-ip of atm and trf2 , proteins were extracted from subconfluent cells by	method
incubating trypsinized cells ( approximately 107 cells/0.1 ml buffer ) in 20 mm hepes ( ph 7.9 ) , 0.42 m kcl , 25 % glycerol , 0.1 mm edta , 5 mm mgcl2 , 0.2 % np40 , 1 mm dtt , 0.5 mm pmsf , 1 mug/ml leupeptine , 1 mug/ml aprotinin , 10 mug/ml pepstatin on ice for 30 min .	method
debris was removed by centrifugation ( 14,000 rpm , 4 degreesc , 10 min ) .	method
protein concentration in the supernatant was determined	method
using the bradford assay and 400 mug of protein was diluted to 150 mm kcl and incubated for 20 min with 100 mul of protein g-sepharose beads ( amersham ) , blocked with 1 % fetal bovine serum in pbs .	method
the beads were collected at 14,000 rpm for 1 min and	method
the supernatant was incubated with 5 mug of anti-atm antibody ( ab3 , oncogene research ) or anti-cyclin d1 antibody ( # sc-6281 , santa cruz biotechnology ) for 1 h at 4 degreesc on a nutator .	method
protein g-sepharose beads ( 30 mul ) were added , and	method
the mixture was incubated 1 h at 4 degreesc on a nutator .	method
the beads were collected at 4,000 rpm at 4 degreesc , washed three times with wash buffer ( 150 mm nacl , 1 % np40 , 50 mm tris [ ph 8.0 ] with protease inhibitors as described above ) by vortexing the suspension for 10 s .	method
the beads were resuspended in laemmli buffer and boiled 5 min	method
and proteins were separated by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis .	method
for ip of endogenous atm from imr90 fibroblasts for the phosphorylation assay , cells were resuspended in lysis buffer	method
50 mm hepes [ ph 7.5 ] , 150 mm nacl , 50 mm naf , 1 % tween-20 , 0.2 % np40 , 1mm pmsf , with 1 complete mini-protease inhibitor tablet [ roche , basel , switzerland ] ) and centrifuged at 13,000 rpm for 10 min .	method
400 mul of lysate was incubated with 30 mul of blocked protein g beads and 100 mul of d16.11 monoclonal supernatant ( alligood et al. 2000 ) for 1.5 h .	method
beads were washed once in lysis buffer and twice in ripa buffer and resuspended in 60 mul of laemmli buffer .	method

we observe	result
that when mfz4 is overexpressed alone , wnt5a protein treatment is sufficient to induce beta-catenin protein stabilization but not stf reporter activation .	result
it is possible	hypothesis
that wnt5a does not activate a transcriptional response when mfz4 is expressed alone in 293 cells due to the endogenous expression of mror2 .	hypothesis
in addition , coreceptor expression and heterodimerization following ligand stimulation have previously been shown	result
to enhance ligand binding and signal transduction in other systems [ 47 , 48 ] .	result
as wnt5a-induced beta-catenin stabilization in cells expressing mfz4 is less robust than wnt3a-induced stabilization	fact
overexpression of both mfz4 and lrp5 may be necessary for full potentiation of the canonical signal resulting in transcriptional activation .	hypothesis
furthermore , previous reports have suggested	implication
that the accumulation of beta-catenin and wnt signal transduction are separable events by showing that beta-catenin protein levels alone do not dictate signal output but rather the phosphorylation state of beta-catenin [ 49 , 50 ] .	implication
coexpression of lrp5 may be necessary for the dephosphorylation , and hence full activation , of beta-catenin resulting in optimal signal transduction .	hypothesis

given the importance of ph domains in tiam1 and other gds proteins , it is conceivable	hypothesis
that phospholipids and/or gbetagamma subunits are involved in their intracellular localization and/or activation .	hypothesis
the next challenge will be	hypothesis
to identify the upstream signaling pathways and molecules that translocate and activate these gds proteins .	hypothesis

a low-stoichiometry interaction between fyn and pag was observed in resting peripheral blood t cells ( fig. 7 b and fig. 9 b )	result
and both molecules interacted with each other when coexpressed in cos cells ( fig. 7 e ) .	result
however , this interaction is apparently not dependent on tyrosine phosphorylation of pag ( fig. 7b and fig. e , and fig. 9 b ) ,	result
which might suggest that fyn interacts with pag via its sh3 domain .	implication
indeed , two potential sh3-binding sites are present in pag .	fact

to determine whether wnt5a treatment inhibits beta-catenin nuclear entry	goal
cell-staining experiments were performed ( figure 2b ) .	method
the 293 cells treated with vehicle or wnt5a protein alone display	result
a membrane-associated staining pattern ( arrowheads ) consistent with beta-catenin 's role in cell adhesion .	result
by contrast , cells treated with wnt3a protein alone appeared brighter than vehicle-treated cells , with beta-catenin observed in the cytoplasm and nuclei ( arrows ) .	result
no significant difference in beta-catenin signal intensity or localization was observed	result
when cells were treated with wnt3a in combination with wnt5a protein ( figure 2b ) .	result
the observation that wnt3a-mediated beta-catenin stabilization and nuclear entry appear unaffected by wnt5a treatment suggests	result
that upregulation of siah-2 , and subsequent degradation of beta-catenin , is not the primary mechanism of wnt5a protein-mediated inhibition of gene transcription in these cells .	implication

after stimulation , the cells from 100-mm plates were suspended in 500 mul of buffer a ( 10 mm hepes , ph 7.9 , 10 mm kcl , 100 mum edta , 100 mum egta , 1 mm dithiothreitol ( dtt ) , and 500 mum pmsf ) and incubated on ice for 15 min .	method
after	method
adding 30 mul of 10 % np-40 , the samples were centrifuged at 14,000 rpm at 4degreesc for 30 s .	method
the pellet was washed once with buffer a and resuspended in 50 mul of buffer b ( 20 mm hepes , ph 7.9 , 400 mm nacl , 1 mm edta , 1 mm egta , 1 mm dtt , and 1 mm pmsf ) for 30 min at 4degreesc .	method
nuclear extracts were obtained by centrifugation of the samples at 14,000 rpm for 10 min .	method
protein concentrations were measured by the bca method ( pierce , rockford , il ) .	method
the consensus double-stranded oligonucleotide for nf-kappab binding ( santa cruz biotech ) was labeled by t4 polynucleotide kinase .	method
the nuclear binding reaction was carried out with 5 mul of nuclear extract ( 10 mug ) , 1 mul of poly ( di-dc ) , 1 mul of labeled probe ( 100,000 cpm ) , 5 mul 4x buffer ( 20 mm hepes , ph 7.9 , 20 mm mgcl2 , and 1 mm edta ) and 8 mul of 25 % glycerol for 30 min at room temperature .	method
the binding complexes were separated on 6 % polyacrylamide gel in 0.5x tris-buffered edta ( novex ) and detected by autoradiography .	method

cell extracts were prepared	method
as previously described [ 29 ] .	method
five hundred micrograms of the extract was used for immunoprecipitation .	method
endogenous proteins in extracts were mixed with a specific antibody and precipitated with protein g-sepharose 4 fast flow ( ge healthcare bioscience , piscataway , nj , usa ) .	method
fh-proteins in extracts were precipitated by anti-flag m2 affinity gel ( sigma-aldrich ) .	method
normal rabbit igg ( santa cruz , santa cruz , ca , usa ) and igg-sepharose 6 fast flow ( ge healthcare bioscience ) were used as control antibodies .	method
bound proteins were eluted and analyzed by western blotting as described before [ 29 ] .	method

for subfractionation by flotation gradient centrifugation , solid sucrose was added to a cell free extract , for a final concentration of 50 % ( wt/wt ) .	method
7 ml of this extract was overlaid with 5 ml 46 % ( wt/wt ) , 15 ml 38 % ( wt/wt ) , and 3 ml	method
25 % ( wt/wt ) sucrose in gradient buffer ( 5 mm mes , 1 mm edta , 1 mm kcl , 0.1 % [ vol/vol ] ethanol ) .	method
gradients were centrifuged in a sorvall-sv288 rotor at 20,000 rpm for 4 h .	method
27 fractions were collected from the bottom and processed for enzyme measurement and western blotting .	method

sh2-domain affinity assays shown in fig. 4 strongly suggest	implication
the sites that are hyperphosphorylated on p130cas are within the sh2-binding domains of src and crk .	implication
one hypothesis is	hypothesis
that the only tyrosine that is substrate for ptp-pest is the 762ydyv765 src sh2-binding region on p130cas , which binds src in a tyrosine-dependant manner ( sakai et al. , 1994 ) .	hypothesis
in ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells , this can cause src to constitutively bind p130cas and hyperphosphorylate the crk-binding motifs on p130cas .	hypothesis
this would explain	hypothesis
why p130cas is so hyperphosphorylated in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells , and why the difference in affinity is greater with the src sh2 domain compared with the crk sh2 domain , even though there are 15 putative binding domains for crk compared with only one for src on p130cas .	hypothesis
in the same line of thought ,	hypothesis
this could also be the cause for the small fak hyperphosphorylation in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells , since the sh3 domain of p130cas can bind a proline-rich region on fak ( polte and hanks , 1995 ) , and fak is also a substrate for src ( calalb et al. , 1995 , 1996 ; schlaepfer and hunter , 1996 ) .	hypothesis
this increased affinity between crk and p130cas in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells can be related to the phenotypes observed in figs. 2 and 3 .	result
the cas/crk coupling has been shown	result
to play a role in the induction of cell migration ( klemke et al. , 1998 ) .	result
thus , incorrect regulation of this molecular switch in the absence of ptp-pest could lead	hypothesis
to aberrant cell migration .	hypothesis
these results provide a concrete , tyrosine phosphorylation-dependent way for ptp-pest to regulate cell migration , and strongly suggest	implication
the phenotypes observed here are the result of the gene targeting .	implication
still , reintroduction at physiological levels of different ptp-pest constructs in the knockout cells	result
to differentially rescue the phenotypes described in this paper is currently under way in our laboratory .	result

specific protein-protein interactions are not only involved in the formation of stable multimeric complexes , but are important for a large number of rather short-term associations of proteins during	fact
signaling .	fact
kinase and substrate need to interact , and	fact
temporary complexes are formed by means of scaffolding and adaptor proteins ( robinson and bonifacino , 2001 ; pawson , 2004 ) .	fact
knowing the binding partner to a phosphorylation site	fact
defines the role of that particular modification during signal transduction .	fact
apart from	problem
resolving interactions to specific binding sites on different signaling proteins , an overall picture of the distribution of binding sites for interacting proteins may also lead to general conclusions of how signals are directed to different pathways .	problem
the approach taken in this study is thus complementary to other proteomic approaches	method
in which whole signaling complexes are identified ( see , e.g. , blagoev et al , 2003 ) .	method

fig. 7 recapitulates a typical immunolocalization of p42/ p44 mapk .	result
mainly cytoplasmic in g0-arrested cells ( fig. 7 a ) , mapks display a clear nuclear localization after 3 h of stimulation with 10 % fcs ( fig. 7 b ) and return almost completely in the cytoplasm after 12 h	result
when cells are beginning to enter s-phase ( fig. 7 c ) .	result
in a parallel set of stimulated cells , addition of the proteasome inhibitor llnl ( 30 mum ) , for 12 h , markedly prevented nuclear mapk efflux ( fig. 7 , compare d with c ) .	result
in addition ,	result
if mitogenic stimulation was ended upon serum removal after 3 h and the cells were incubated for another 9 h in a serum-free medium containing the llnl , the nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk was maintained ( fig. 7 h ) .	result
we have previously shown	result
that p42/p44 mapk activity in exponentially growing cells is completely abolished after a 3-h serum removal ( our unpublished results ) .	result
our results indicate	implication
that p42/p44 mapk nuclear retention can be observed while mapk activation is totally abrogated , provided that the targeted degradation of proteins is halted .	implication
furthermore , we have previously shown	result
that activation of ccl39 cells by nonmitogenic stimuli was not sufficient to promote nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk ( 27 ) .	result
for example , tpa ,	result
which is not mitogenic for ccl39 cells , does not induce any redistribution of mapks in the nucleus ( fig. 7 f ) .	result
surprisingly ,	result
blocking protein degradation by addition of llnl during tpa stimulation for 12 h , triggered the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk ( fig. 7 , compare g and f ) .	result
interestingly , the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk observed	result
when cells were exposed to both tpa and llnl was delayed as compared with that obtained with mitogenic stimulation ( starting at ~6 h , data not shown ) .	result
for all the experiments presented here , it is important	result
to note that llnl alone is not able to stimulate p42/p44 mapk activity nor alter the magnitude and temporal profile of stimulated mapks by serum ( fig. 5 a , lanes 6 , 9 , and 12 and fig. 5 b , lanes 3 , 7 , and 11 ) or upon addition of tpa ( fig. 5 b , lanes 5 , 9 , and 12 ) .	result
thus , any action of llnl on the subcellular localization of p42/p44 mapk can not be attributed to the modification of mapk activity .	implication
furthermore , treatment with llnl alone does not change the cytoplasmic localization of mapks in resting cells ( fig. 7 e ) .	result
to verify that llnl does not alter the general mechanism of nuclear import/export	goal
treatment with llnl for 12 h in presence of serum does not modify the subcellular localization of mek or of the transcription factor sp1 ( data not shown ) .	result

with very few exceptions , each of the proteins recruited to phosphotyrosines on the erbb family had more than one binding site , although sometimes with different affinities .	fact
for example , egfr has six binding sites for the adapter protein grb2 , and	result
erbb4 has five , each with different binding strength ( see figure 3 and ward et al , 1996 ) .	result
pi3k is the sole binding partner to six tyrosines of erbb3 and one in erbb4 .	fact
this redundancy allows combinatorial control of downstream effector pathways in several ways .	fact
different upstream signals can induce different phosphorylation patterns on erbb receptors-for example , in the case of egf versus tgfalpha stimulation of egfr ( guo et al , 2003 ) .	fact
the combination of these different phosphorylation patterns with the different binding affinities allows	fact
a different cast of effector molecules to be assembled at the receptor .	fact
a second level of combinatorial control is the formation of different homo - or heterodimers , depending on the stimulatory condition ( olayioye et al , 1998 ; hynes et al , 2001 ) .	fact
studies of cells with differential overexpression of erbb family members in various combinations revealed	method
that binding of erbb2 to shc , pi3k or grb2 was dependent on the mode of activation , and that receptor phosphorylation also was dependent on the dimerization partner ( goehler et al , 2004 ) .	result
thus , the interaction partners grb2 , shc or pi3k may only interact with a specific phosphotyrosine under a given cellular condition , and with a different one under another stimulus or dimerization state .	hypothesis
the redundancy in binding sites for specific adapter proteins thus may be essential for integration of different stimuli and the coordinated transduction of this information to downstream pathways and	hypothesis
to ensure , in one way or another , the binding/activation of these very important signaling switches .	hypothesis
however , it has	hypothesis
to be kept in mind that some phosphorylation sites may be active only under very specific conditions in vivo , and some sites analyzed in our systematic screen are likely not be phosphorylated under any conditions .	hypothesis

to assess the levels of accumulated beta-catenin protein	goal
we prepared cytosolic extracts from 293 cells treated for 3 h with wnt3a protein , wnt5a protein , or both .	method
cellular fractionation is necessary	hypothesis
to ensure that only cytosolic beta-catenin protein stabilized due to active wnt signaling is observed as opposed to the relatively stable membrane-associated pool of beta-catenin protein .	hypothesis
although a particularly low dose of wnt3a protein ( 10 ng/ml ) was used in this analysis to ensure that subtle differences in beta-catenin protein levels could be discerned	method
no appreciable reduction in beta-catenin accumulation was observed ( figure 2a ) , even when concentrations of wnt5a protein ( 200 ng/ml ) sufficient to inhibit the stf reporter 5-fold were used .	result
these data show	implication
that the wnt3a signal is initiated in the presence of wnt5a protein , indicating that wnt5a does not efficiently compete with wnt3a for receptor binding sites .	implication

anti-drosophila s6 kinase antibody was generously provided by dr. mary stewart ( university of north dakota state university , fargo , nd ) .	method
anti-phospho drosophila s6k , anti-s6k , anti-phospho s6k , anti-akt , anti-phospho akt , and antiphospho 4ebp1 antibodies were from cell signaling inc ( beverly , ma ) .	method
anti-mtor and anti-myc antibodies were from santa cruz biotechnology ( santa cruz , ca ) .	method
anti-ha and anti-flag antibodies from covance ( philadelphia , pa ) and sigma ( st. louis , mo ) , respectively .	method
the cdnas encoding human raga and	method
ragc were obtained from american tissue culture collection ( manassas , va ) and pcr amplified .	method
raga was subcloned into bamhi/xhoi restriction enzyme site of pcdna3-ha and pcdna3-flag and	method
ragc was subcloned into bamhi/ecori restriction enzyme site of pcdna3-ha and myc-prk5 vectors .	method
the cdnas encoding	method
ragb and ragd were pcr amplified from human brain cdna library and cdna library generated from hek293 cells , respectively .	method
ragb and ragd were subcloned into ecorv/xhoi and bamhi/ecori site of pcdna3-flag and prk5-myc vectors , respectively .	method
all mutant constructs of raga , b , c , and d were created by pcr mutagenesis and were verified by dna sequencing .	method
primers used for rag constructs cloning are listed in supplementary information , table s1 .	method
all other dna constructs , including ha-s6k , myc-4ebp1 , gst-akt , flag-mtor kd , ha-tsc1 , ha-tsc2 , myc-rheb , were laboratory stock .	method
insulin and rapamycin were obtained from sigma and cell signaling , respectively .	method
sirnas targeting human tsc2 , raga , and ragb were obtained from dharmacon , inc. ( lafayette , co )	method

the data reported here identify phosphorylation at y291 as a major mechanism for induction of wasp effector activity after tcr engagement .	implication
a requirement for wasp " activation " in t cells is consistent with cumulative data	implication
revealing wasp to be constitutively autoinhibited ( 1-3 ) and identifying induction of actin polymerization as a critical facet of the t cell response to antigen stimulation ( 29 ) .	implication
the current data identifying fyn as the ptk responsible for wasp phosphorylation in t cells and implicating ptp-pest in wasp dephosphorylation in these cells are also in agreement with previous data indicating an essential role for fyn in induction of cytoskeletal reorganization after tcr engagement ( 30 ) and demonstrating	result
that ptp-pest acts as a negative regulator of lymphocyte activation ( 31 ) .	implication
taken together with the observed capacity of fyn to promote and ptp-pest to inhibit wasp stimulatory effects on arp2/3 polymerizing function	implication
these findings suggest that tyrosine phosphorylation alone can mediate induction of wasp activity after tcr engagement .	implication
by contrast , based on the results of in vitro binding assays , it has recently been suggested	hypothesis
that tyrosine phosphorylation effects on wasp activity require its binding to cdc42 ( 32 ) .	hypothesis
although the current data do not preclude cdc42 binding as a mechanism for activating wasp , the normal behavior of the waspdeltagbd t cells studied here together with the catastrophic effects of y291 mutation on wasp function and	implication
t cell activation indicate that the in vivo induction of wasp effector activity absolutely requires wasp tyrosine phosphorylation and can occur independently of cdc42 binding to wasp .	implication
these data do not exclude the possibility	implication
that the deltagbd mutation alters wasp structure so as to disrupt normal autoinhibitory constraints on wasp activity .	implication
however , no evidence for " constitutive " t cell activation was observed in the was-/ -	result
deltagbd t cells and the data suggest that waspdeltagbd is constitutively inactive and requires an activation signal for function .	implication
further , although lyn/btk-mediated phosphorylation of wasp has been reported to require cdc42 ( 33 ) , the current data revealing fyn-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation	result
to be unaffected by constitutively active or dominant negative forms of cdc42 and the gbd deletion to have no effect on fyn-driven wasp-arp2/3 actin polymerization in vitro , provide compelling evidence to support previous data indicating that cdc42 binding is not essential for triggering wasp activity ( 13 , 15 ) .	implication

one possible explanation for the observed abrogation of reporter activation is	implication
that wnt5a protein competes with wnt3a for fz receptor binding sites .	implication
alternatively , wnt5a has been proposed	hypothesis
to inhibit canonical wnt signaling via upregulation of siah-2 , which targets beta-catenin for betatrcp-independent proteasomal degradation [ 16 ] .	hypothesis
in both of these models , beta-catenin protein levels should be reduced following concomitant wnt5a treatment compared to wnt3a protein treatment alone ;	hypothesis
in the former case , signal transduction is blocked at the level of the receptor , whereas in the latter , any beta-catenin protein stabilized due to wnt3a signal activation should be appreciably degraded by the opposing effects of wnt5a .	hypothesis

pcineo-fh-tlp ,	fact
which is an expression plasmid of flag/oligohistidine ( fh ) tagged mouse tlp , was described previously [ 14 ] .	fact
mouse and human tlps have an identical amino acid sequence .	fact
plasmids for mutant tlps ( r55e , r52e and n37e ) were described previously	fact
[ 29 ] .	none
tfiia expression plasmids , pcineo-fh-tfiiaalphabeta and pcineo-fh-tfiiagamma , have an open reading frame of human tfiiaalphabeta and tfiiagamma with an fh-tag at their amino termini .	fact

the wnts comprise a large class of secreted proteins	fact
that control essential developmental processes such as embryonic patterning , cell growth , migration , and differentiation .	fact
in the most well-understood " canonical " wnt signaling pathway , wnt binding to frizzled receptors induces beta-catenin protein stabilization and entry into the nucleus ,	fact
where it complexes with t-cell factor/lymphoid enhancer factor transcription factors to affect the transcription of target genes .	fact
in addition to the canonical pathway , evidence for several other wnt signaling pathways has accumulated , in particular for wnt5a ,	fact
which has therefore been classified as a noncanonical wnt family member .	fact
to study the alternative mechanisms by which wnt proteins signal	goal
we purified the wnt5a protein to homogeneity .	method
we find	result
that purified wnt5a inhibits wnt3a protein-induced canonical wnt signaling in a dose-dependent manner , not by influencing beta-catenin levels but by downregulating beta-catenin-induced reporter gene expression .	result
the wnt5a signal is mediated by the orphan tyrosine kinase ror2 , is pertussis toxin insensitive , and does not influence cellular calcium levels .	fact
we show that in addition to its inhibitory function , wnt5a can also activate beta-catenin signaling in the presence of the appropriate frizzled receptor , frizzled 4 . thus	implication
this study shows for the first time that a single wnt ligand can initiate discrete signaling pathways through the activation of two distinct receptors .	implication
based on these and additional observations , we propose a model	hypothesis
wherein receptor context dictates wnt signaling output .	hypothesis
in this model ,	hypothesis
signaling by different wnt family members is not intrinsically regulated by the wnt proteins themselves but by receptor availability .	hypothesis

transmission electron microscopy ( tem ) : ship+/+ and ship-/ - bmms were infected with f. novicida , and	method
2 h post infection , the cells were washed , fixed , and prepared for tem analysis as described previously .	method
bacterial count in 20 ship+/+ and ship-/	result
bmms was assessed and averaged [ 45 ] .	result

the domain of pex13 that interacts with pex7p , as well as the side of the peroxisomal membrane	problem
where the interaction occurs , remains unknown .	problem
furthermore , the intracellular localization of pex7p in yeast is still a matter of debate .	problem
one group has reported	result
that the protein is exclusively localized in the peroxisomal lumen ( zhang and lazarow , 1995 , 1996 ) , whereas others found the protein to be predominantly localized in the cytosol with a small amount associated with the peroxisomal membrane ( marzioch et al. , 1994 ; rehling et al. , 1996 ) .	result
because the sh3 domain alone does not mediate the interaction with pex7p , we suggest	fact
that regions nh2-terminal of the sh3 domain may be required for the interaction or contribute to the correct conformation of the binding site .	hypothesis
previously , the cooh-terminal sh3 domain has been reported to face the cytosol ( elgersma et al. , 1996 ; gould et al. , 1996 ) , and	result
we found that both the nh2 terminus and the cooh terminus of pex13p are exposed to the cytosol ( fig. 6 ) , suggesting that the protein traverses the membrane with an even number of membrane spans .	result
in this respect , it is interesting	implication
to note that two regions which would fulfill the requirement for alpha-helical transmembrane segments are present in pex13p ( elgersma et al. , 1996 ) .	fact

francisella tularensis , causative agent of the zoonotic disease tularemia , is a gram-negative intracellular pathogen .	fact
there are four different subspecies of f. tularensis .	fact
the f. tularensis subspecies	fact
tularensis is the most virulent of the four with a 50 % lethal dose ( ld50 ) less than 10 colony forming units ( cfus ) for humans [ 1 ] .	fact
other less virulent subspecies of f. tularensis include novicida , holoarctica , and mediasiatica .	fact

fibroblasts , seeded on gelatine , were microinjected with 100 ng/ml of an empty vector together with rabbit igg or of an ha-tagged e3b1 expression vector followed by treatment with 10 % serum .	method
after 15 h , brdu was added ,	method
three hours later the cells were fixed in 4 % paraformaldheyde for 10 min , permeabilized in 0.1 % triton x-100 and 2 % bsa for 10 min , blocked with 2 % bsa for 30 min and stained to detect brdu incorporation with anti-brdu antibody , e3b1 , or control microinjected cells with anti-e3b1 and anti-rabbit igg , respectively .	method

to further examine the role of rag gtpases in mtorc1 regulation	goal
we determined the phosphorylation status of the s6k site t421/s424 , which is not directly phosphorylated by mtorc1 , and 4ebp1 , another direct substrate of mtorc1 .	method
raga t21n did not decrease	result
s6k t421/s424 phosphorylation as much as t389 .	result
in contrast , ragat21n completely blocked 4ebp1 phosphorylation ( s65 ) and also caused a dramatic mobility shift of the co-transfected 4ebp1 ( fig. 2c ) .	result
on the other hand ,	result
rag had little effect on akt ( s473 ) phosphorylation , a torc2 substrate 33 .	result
these results support the notion	implication
that rag gtpases specifically activate mtorc1 but not mtorc2 .	implication

vegf is a key regulator of angiogenesis , stimulating differentiation , survival , migration , proliferation , and vascular permeability of endothelial cells [ 1,2 ] .	fact
vegf binds to vegf receptor tyrosine kinases ,	fact
which have been demonstrated to stimulate a diverse array of signalling pathways , including phospholipase c ( plc ) -gamma , phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase ( pi3k ) , and src [ 1,2 ] .	fact

the telomeric protein trf2 is required	fact
to prevent mammalian telomeres from activating dna damage checkpoints .	fact
here we show	result
that overexpression of trf2 affects the response of the atm kinase to dna damage .	result
overexpression of trf2 abrogated the cell cycle arrest after ionizing radiation and diminished several other readouts of the dna damage response , including phosphorylation of nbs1 , induction of p53 , and upregulation of p53 targets .	result
trf2 inhibited autophosphorylation of atm on s1981 , an early step in the activation of this kinase .	result
a region of atm containing s1981 was found to directly interact with trf2 in vitro	result
and atm immunoprecipitates contained trf2 .	result
we propose	hypothesis
that trf2 has the ability to inhibit atm activation at telomeres .	hypothesis
because trf2 is abundant at chromosome ends but not elsewhere in the nucleus	result
this mechanism of checkpoint control could specifically block a dna damage response at telomeres without affecting the surveillance of chromosome internal damage .	hypothesis

the levels of ras-gtp and rac gtp were measured by affinity precipitation using gst-rbd ( ras-binding domain ) of raf ( taylor and shalloway , 1996 ) or gst-crib ( cdc42 and rac interactive region ) of pak65 ( manser et al. , 1994 ) , respectively ,	method
as previously described ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	method
the activity of pak65 was also measured as described ( manser et al. , 1995 ) .	method
whenever indicated	method
treatment was performed with egf ( 100 ng/ml ) or pdgf ( 20 ng/ml ) , after serum starvation , for the indicated lengths of time .	method

in a separate experiment , we have determined the activation profiles of several tyrosine phosphorylation sites in response to egf .	method
we found	result
that activation kinetics can correlate with the type of interaction partner .	result
while this experiment was limited in the number of sites analyzed , it clearly shows	result
how integration of in vivo kinetics with a knowledge of binding partners can add more functional information of phosphorylation sites and interaction partners .	implication

the coding region of human wild-type pag and csk was amplified from jurkat cdna ( primers : ccctcggctggtgccagtgc versus gcagcatatgaagtataggtttgtg for pag and ctgagaagatgtcagcaatacaggcc versus gaggccagccgtcacaggtgcag for csk ) .	method
the pcr products were cloned into the bstxi site of the eukaryotic expression vector pef-bos 42 .	method
the flag-pag construct encoding the full-length pag	method
containing the cooh-terminal flag and the various pag mutants carrying tyrosine to phenylalanine exchanges were produced by site-directed mutagenesis using the quikchange ( tm ) site-directed mutagenesis kit ( stratagene ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions .	method

in contrast to the effects on jnk and p38 , defects in nf-kappab activation in irak-deficient cells could be overcome by high concentrations of il-1 .	result
our interpretation is	hypothesis
that related kinases such as irak-2 may be able to fully activate the nf-kappab pathway under these conditions .	hypothesis
however , induction of cellular response to il-1 , such as il-6 production , is dramatically reduced in irak-deficient cells even at high il-1 concentrations .	fact
this suggests	implication
that activation of nf-kappab alone is not sufficient for optimal induction of il-1-mediated cellular responses .	implication
induction of il-6 and other il-1-responsive gene products may be mediated synergistically by multiple pathways , including activation of nf-kappab	hypothesis
and jnk/p38-mediated pathways .	hypothesis
in the case of il-6 secretion , the dramatic decrease in its induction by il-1 in irak-deficient cells , even in the presence of full activation of nf-kappab dna-binding activity , may result from decreased activation of jnk/p38-dependent signaling pathways .	hypothesis
this possibility is supported by a recent report	implication
that p38 and other map kinases are involved in tnf-induced il-6 gene expression via modulation of transactivation potential of nf-kb without affecting its dna binding activity ( 37 ) .	implication

mammalian cells respond	fact
to dna double-strand breaks ( dsbs ) by recruiting dna repair and cell-cycle checkpoint proteins to such sites .	fact
central to these dna damage response ( ddr ) events is the dna damage mediator protein mdc1 .	fact
mdc1 interacts with several ddr proteins , including the mre11-rad50-nbs1 ( mrn ) complex .	fact
here , we show	result
that mdc1 is phosphorylated on a cluster of conserved repeat motifs by casein kinase 2 ( ck2 ) .	result
moreover , we establish	result
that this phosphorylation of mdc1 promotes direct , phosphorylation-dependent interactions with nbs1 in a manner that requires the closely apposed fha and twin brct domains in the amino terminus of nbs1 .	result
finally , we show	result
that these ck2-targeted motifs in mdc1 are required to mediate nbs1 association with chromatin-flanking sites of unrepaired dsbs .	result
these findings provide a molecular explanation for the mdc1-mrn interaction and yield insights into	implication
how mdc1 coordinates the focal assembly and activation of several ddr factors in response to dna damage .	implication

the ccl39-deltaraf-1 : er	method
clonal cell line was obtained by transfection of ccl39 cells with the plasmid plncdeltaraf-1 : er ( 44 ) and selection of clones resistant to geneticin ( g418 , gibco-brl ) .	method
the clone that displayed the highest stimulation of p42/p44 mapk activity upon beta-estradiol addition was selected	result
and its characteristics were reported ( 28 ) .	result

immunofluorescence microscopy was performed according to the procedure of rout and kilmartin ( 1990 ) , with modifications previously described in erdmann ( 1994 ) .	method
rabbit antisera against thiolase were used at dilutions of 1:3 ,000 .	method
for detection , 6 mug/ml solution of cy3-conjugated donkey anti-rabbit ( jackson immunoresearch laboratories ) was used .	method
ha-tagged pex11p was detected with monoclonal 12ca5 antiserum ( babco ; dilution of 1:1 ,000 ) .	method

the two-hybrid assay was based on the method of fields and song ( 1989 ) .	method
the orfs of selected pex genes were fused to the dna-binding domain or transcription-activating domain of gal4 in the vectors ppc86 and ppc97 ( chevray and nathans , 1992 ) .	method
to construct the gal4p- ( bd ) - pex13p fusion	goal
the ecori/spei fragment of plasmid psp43d ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) containing the complete orf of pex13 was subcloned into ppc86 resulting in ppc86-pex13 .	method
to construct the gal4p ( db ) - pex14paxxa fusion , the 1.1-kb ecori/sacii fragment from pwg14/4 , containing the complete pex14axxa-orf	goal
was subcloned into ecori/ sacii-digested ppc86 .	method
the resulting plasmid was designated pwg14/6 .	method
the sali/sacii of pwg14/6 contained pex14axxa and was subcloned into sali/sacii digested ppc97 ,	method
resulting in plasmid pwg14/8 .	method

we interpret our data by	hypothesis
proposing that activation of the p42/p44 mapk module leads to the neosynthesis of a mapk nuclear anchor protein ( s ) .	hypothesis
this mapk nuclear anchor protein ( s ) is rapidly synthesized upon activation of the p42/p44 mapk module and has a very short half-life ( estimated ~1 hour ) .	fact
what may be the nature of this nuclear anchor protein ( s ) ?	problem
it has the characteristic of an immediate early gene product , and	fact
it could well represent a set of transcription factors , substrates of p42/p44 mapk , that have the capacity to accumulate in the nucleus and to physically interact with their signaling kinases .	hypothesis
on the other hand , the mapk-specific phosphatases , mkp-1 and mkp-2 , represent another set of nuclear proteins ,	result
which are newly synthesized under the control of p42/p44 mapk activity ( 7 ) and which share the features of a mapk anchoring system .	result
alternatively , and perhaps more appealing , the mapk nuclear anchor might represent a specific component of the mapk cascade	implication
that , in view of long-term signaling , has evolved to address a pool of active map kinase in the nucleus .	hypothesis
in fact , signals that trigger the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk may not be mitogenic ones	hypothesis
but in all cases they convey long-term activation of p42/p44 mapk .	hypothesis
this is the case for differentiation of pc12 cell ( 9 , 37 ) and for long-term facilitation of presynaptic cells in aplysia ( 30 ) .	result
alternatively , the pool of mapks in the nucleus could progressively become inactivated by the emergence of the nuclear mkps .	result
if this is the case , then mapk	hypothesis
nuclear retention could be an efficient mechanism of signal desensitization , by sequestering mapk out of the cytoplasmic-activating complex .	hypothesis
indeed , nonphosphorylatable and inactive mutated forms of mapk can accumulate into the nucleus ( 18 , 27 ) ,	result
providing an indication that inactive mapk can bind to the nuclear anchor ( s ) .	implication

as	method
signaling events are often characterized by phosphorylation of receptors and downstream interaction partners , the peptide-protein interaction screen ( schulze and mann , 2004 ) was further developed for high sample throughput and used to map the primary binding partners of phosphorylated tyrosine residues of the erbb-receptor family .	method
individual members of this family have in the past been studied with respect	method
to interaction partners of selected residues using phosphopeptide competition analysis , receptor mutants and coimmunoprecipitation ( margolis et al , 1990 ; birge et al , 1992 ; fedi et al , 1994 ; prigent and gullick , 1994 ; lombardo et al , 1995 ; sorkin et al , 1996 ; keilhack et al , 1998 ; hellyer et al , 2001 ; yarden and sliwkowski , 2001 ; moro et al , 2002 ; blagoev et al , 2003 ) .	method
in this study , we take a new approach	method
that allows comparison and mapping of the primary interaction partners and their binding sites in a single , comprehensive and unbiased system ; that is , we do not need to make any assumptions about likely baits or interaction partners .	method

il-1 signaling triggers cellular responses through the induction of various inflammatory gene products ( 1 ) .	fact
il-6 is strongly induced by il-1 via activation of transcription factors including nf-kappab and activator protein 1 , which	fact
bind to the enhancer elements of the il-6 gene promoter ( 6 ) .	fact
il-6 in turn plays a crucial role in inflammation by mediating acute phase reactions ( 36 ) .	fact
to determine whether the observed defects in il-1-activated signaling result in impaired cellular responses	goal
il-6 induction in response to il-1 was measured .	method
levels of il-6 mrna induced by various concentrations of il-1 were significantly lower in irak-deficient ef cells compared with control cells ( fig. 4 a ) .	result
similar decreases were also found in il-6 secreted from irak-deficient cells compared with control cells ( fig. 4 b , top ) , and at various times after il-1 treatment ( data not shown ) .	result
in three independent experiments , il-6 induction by il-1 was reduced by three - to sixfold .	result
thus , the reduced il-1 signaling in irak-deficient cells results in decreased il-6 production .	result
to confirm the defects in il-1 signaling and cellular response observed in irak-deficient ef cells	goal
sf cells were obtained from mice deficient in irak expression , as described in materials and methods .	method
consistent with the observation in ef cells	result
il-1-induced il-6 production was significantly decreased in irak-deficient sf cells compared with sf cells prepared from wild-type mice ( fig. 4 b , bottom ) .	result
il-1-induced jnk activation and ikappab degradation were also found	result
to be defective in irak-deficient sf cells ( data not shown ) .	result

trf2 must represent a different mechanism for telomere protection	fact
since it only binds to the duplex part of the telomere .	fact
trf2 has been proposed	hypothesis
to promote the formation of t-loops ( griffith et al. 1999 ; stansel et al. 2001 ) .	hypothesis
in the t-loop configuration , the 3 ' overhang of ttaggg repeats is strand-invaded into the duplex part of the telomere .	fact
although this could be an effective way to protect chromosome ends from nucleases and ligases	hypothesis
t-loops have several structural features resembling dna lesions , including single strand to double strand transitions , 3 ' and 5 ' ends , and single-stranded dna .	fact
therefore , human telomeres may need additional mechanisms	hypothesis
to circumvent checkpoint activation .	hypothesis
the results presented here argue for a model	hypothesis
in which trf2 directly blocks activation of the atm kinase .	hypothesis

similarly , it can not be formally excluded	hypothesis
that other interactors of the sh3 domain of eps8 , besides e3b1 , mediate the formation of the endogenous trimeric complex .	implication
this is , however , unlikely	implication
since no coimmunoprecipitation between eps8 and sos-1 could be detected when the two proteins were overexpressed in cell lines with relative low levels of e3b1 ( scita et al. , 1999 ; unpublished data ) .	result
moreover , neither rn-tre , nor	result
jik , two other known interactors of the sh3 domain of eps8 ( biesova et al. , 1997 ; mongiovi et al. , 1999 ) , were able to bind to sos-1 ( unpublished data ) .	result

3.5-cm tissue culture dishes were coated with 1 mug/cm2 of fibronectin overnight at 4degreesc .	method
plates were washed with pbs , and	method
1 ml of normal medium was prewarmed in a humidified 37degreesc incubator .	method
cells were trypsinized , counted , and	method
5 x 105 cells were added with medium to the plates for a final volume of 2 ml .	method
random fields were photographed after 10 , 15 , and 30 min	method
using a low magnification phase-contrast microscope .	method
photographs were evaluated for the percentage of spread cells .	method
unspread cells were described as phase-bright and punctual ,	method
whereas spread cells were not phase-bright , with extensive visible membrane protrusions .	method
the two kinds of cells were distinguishable	method
enough so that two independent counts of the same field gave the same result +/-2 % .	method
four fields were counted for each cell line	method
and , in each field , > 300 cells were counted .	method
the experiment was repeated four times .	method

to determine which ptks may phosphorylate pag in vivo	goal
cos cells were cotransfected with cdnas encoding flag-tagged pag and various ptks .	method
as shown in fig. 4 b	result
pag serves as a substrate for lck and fyn but not for zap70 and/or syk .	result
in jurkat t cells , tyrosine phosphorylation of pag was absent in the lck-negative jurkat mutant j.cam1.6 but was normal or even enhanced in the zap70/syk-negative mutant p116 ( fig. 4 c ) ,	result
indicating that lck might be primarily responsible for pag phosphorylation in t cells .	implication
however ,	result
when wild-type jurkat t cells ( or raji cells , not shown ) were briefly treated with the src family ptk-specific inhibitor pp1 , the constitutive tyrosine phosphorylation of pag was lost ( fig. 4 d ) .	result
this strongly suggests	implication
that the phosphorylation status of pag is controlled by balanced activities of src kinases ( likely lck ) and an as yet unidentified tyrosine phosphatase ( s ) .	implication

the peroxisomal membrane protein pex14p has been reported to bind both the pts1 and the pts2 receptor ,	result
which led albertini et al. ( 1997 ) to the conclusion that pex14p may represent the point of convergence of the pts1 - and pts2-dependent protein import pathways at the peroxisomal membrane .	implication
here , we report	none
that pex13p is also involved in both the pts1 - and pts2-dependent protein import into peroxisomes .	fact
pex13p interacts directly or indirectly with the pts2 receptor pex7p and	fact
overexpression of pex13p suppresses the protein import defect caused by a functionally impaired epitope-tagged pex7p .	fact
pex13p is also shown to be required for the peroxisomal association of pex14p ;	implication
however , evidence is provided that the sh3 domain of pex13p may not represent the only binding site for pex14p at the peroxisomal membrane .	implication

tlr ligands , particularly lps and cpg 32 , 33 , also stimulate the survival of b cells .	fact
to examine the role of peli1 in tlr-driven survival	goal
we incubated peli1+/+ and peli1-/ - b cells in vitro in the presence of different tlr ligands .	method
in the absence of tlr ligands , peli1+/+ b cells underwent massive apoptosis , as determined by	result
staining with annexin-v and pi .	result
after culture for 24 hours , less than 20 % of the cells were negative for both pi and annexin-v ( fig. 3c , live cells ) , but	result
the spontaneous death of peli1+/+ b cells was greatly inhibited by lps and cpg and moderately inhibited by several other tlr ligands ( fig. 3c ) .	result
however , loss of peli1 severely attenuated the pro-survival effects of lps , poly ( i : c ) , and cpg ( fig. 3c ) .	result
thus , peli1 mediates tlr3 and tlr4-driven induction of costimulatory gene expression , proliferation and survival in b cells .	implication

materials .	none
haecs and endothelial cell culture media were obtained from tcs cellworks ( botolph claydon , bucks , uk ) .	method
vegf165 and u73122 were supplied by sigma ( poole , dorset , uk ) .	method
sto-609 was from tocris ( ellisville , mo , usa ) .	method
pp1 was a generous gift from prof. g. milligan , university of glasgow , uk rabbit anti-acetyl coa carboxylase ( acc ) and anti-phospho-acc ser79 ( rat acc1 sequence )	method
antibodies were supplied by upstate ( lake placid ny , usa ) .	method
goat anti-camkkalpha and mouse anti-camkkbeta antibodies were supplied by santa cruz biotechnology ( heidelberg , germany ) .	method
rabbit anti-phospho-ampk thr172 antibodies were obtained from cell signaling technology ( beverly ma , usa ) .	method
sams peptide ( hmrsamsglhlvkrr ) was synthesised by pepceuticals ltd. ( nottingham , uk ) .	method
all other reagents were from sources described previously	method
[ 9 ] .	method

modification-dependent protein-protein interactions between domains and characteristic peptide motifs are key organizing principles of	fact
signaling events in all organisms .	fact
for example , specific , extended peptide sequences	fact
containing phosphotyrosine interact with cognate sh2 or ptb domains ( pawson and nash , 2003 ; schlessinger and lemmon , 2003 ; pawson , 2004 ) .	fact
consensus peptide sequences involved in recognition by domains have been well studied using oriented peptide libraries ( songyang et al , 1994 ) , peptide arrays ( landgraf et al , 2004 ) or phage display ( cesareni et al , 2002 ) .	method
individual interactions between activated tyrosine kinase receptors and specific downstream signaling molecules have been investigated	method
using immunoprecipitation and detection of selected proteins by western blotting ( see olayioye et al , 2000 and references therein ) .	method
however , most of these methods lack specificity for modification-dependent interactions .	method

the interaction of pex13p with pex7p has far	problem
reaching implications for our understanding of protein import into the peroxisomal matrix .	problem
why are there several binding sites for the import receptors at the peroxisomal membrane ?	problem
one hypothesis suggests	hypothesis
that the multiple interactions reflect the existence of an import cascade in which the cargo-loaded import receptors are transferred from one component of the import complex to the next ( erdmann et al. , 1997 ) .	hypothesis
our confirmation that at least two peroxisomal membrane proteins bind the receptors raises concerns	fact
about which functions as the docking protein for each of the import pathways .	problem
experimental evidence that pex13p may be the docking protein for the pts1 receptor has been provided ( gould et al. , 1996 ) , but	result
the unsolved questions stress the need for reliable in vitro systems to study the order of interactions during the process of peroxisomal protein import .	problem

wnt5a protein was purified from 6 l of media conditioned by	method
mouse l cells stably overexpressing mouse wnt5a ( crl-2814 ; american type culture collection [ atcc ] , manassas , virginia , united states ) created in the laboratory as previously described [ 27 ] with the addition of a fourth purification step .	method
briefly , following a gel filtration sizing step , partially purified wnt5a protein was bound to a copper-chelated resin and eluted with increasing concentrations of imidazole ( hitrap chelating hp ; amersham biosciences , little chalfont , united kingdom ) .	method
peak fractions were then further purified by heparin affinity chromatography	method
as previously described .	method
typical yields of wnt5a protein following final heparin affinity step range from 25 to 50 ng/mul	method
as assessed by coomassie blue staining .	method

torc1 ( target of rapamycin complex 1 ) has a critical role in the regulation of cell growth and cell size .	fact
a wide range of signals , including amino acids , is known to activate torc1 .	fact
here , we report the identification of rag gtpases as novel activators of torc1 in response to amino acid signals .	hypothesis
knockdown of rag gene expression suppressed the stimulatory effect of amino acids on torc1 in drosophila s2 cells .	result
expression of constitutively active ( gtp-bound ) rag in mammalian cells enhances torc1 in the absence of amino acids	result
while expression of dominant negative rag blocks the stimulatory effects of amino acids on torc1 .	result
drosophila genetic studies also show	result
that the rag gtpases regulate cell growth , autophagy , and animal viability under starvation .	result
together , our studies establish a novel function of rag gtpases in torc1 activation in response to amino acid signals .	implication

we report	implication
that pex13p directly or indirectly interacts with the pts2 receptor .	implication
in	none
cells lacking pex14p , pex13p efficiently coimmunoprecipitates with pex7p and interacts with pex7p in the yeast two-hybrid system .	method
in addition , overexpression of pex13p suppresses the protein import defect caused by ha-tagged , functionally compromised pex7p ,	result
further suggesting an interaction between the two proteins by genetic means .	implication
regions nh2-terminal of the cooh-terminal sh3 domain of pex13p were required for its interaction with pex7p .	fact
reinvestigation of the membrane topology of pex13p revealed	result
that both termini of the protein are exposed to the cytosol .	result
pex13p was also required for pex14p localization at the peroxisomal membrane .	result
however , the peroxisomal targeting of pex14p did not require interaction with the sh3 domain of pex13p .	result

spheroplasting of yeast cells , homogenization , and differential centrifugation at 25,000 g of homogenates were performed	method
as described previously ( erdmann et al. , 1989 ) .	method

cos-1 cells cotransfected with pmacs4 ( miltenyi biotech , 1.5 mug ) , and therefore expressing a truncated cd4 surface marker , were washed twice with pbs and then incubated with pbe ( pbs with 5 mm edta and 0.5 % skimmed milk powder ) for 10 min at 37degreesc	method
to detach cells from the cell culture dish .	goal
suspended cells were incubated for 45 min , 4degreesc with macs4 magnetic microbeads ( diluted 1:10 in pbe ) at 4degreesc	method
and the positive-transfected cells were separated from the nontransfected background over magnetic columns .	method
magnetically separated cos-1 cells were washed with cold pbs and lysed on ice in 500 mul of lysis buffer a ( 50 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.3 , 50 mm nacl , 5 mm na4p2o7 .	method
10 h2o ( napp ) , 5 mm edta , 2 % nonidet p-40 , 25 mug/ml leupeptin , 25 mug/ml aprotinin , 50 mm naf , and 100 mm na3vo4 ) for 10 min and lysates clarified by centrifugation at 10,000 g for 5 min 4degreesc .	method

tlrs play an important role in b cell activation 29-31 .	fact
in response to tlr signals , b cells express costimulatory molecules and increase the expression of mhcii molecules ,	fact
thus enhancing their ability to activate helper t cells .	fact
to examine whether peli1 is involved in tlr-mediated b cell activation	goal
we analyzed the effect of peli1 deficiency on the activation of b cells derived from peli1+/+ and peli1-/ - mice .	method
as expected	result
stimulation of peli1+/+ b cells with several tlr ligands ( lps , poly ( i : c ) , pgn , cpg ) led to potent induction of the costimulatory molecule cd86 ( fig. 3a , left panels , black line ) as well as enhanced expression of mhcii ( fig. 3a , right panels , black line ) .	result
induction of these genes was also detected in cells stimulated with antibodies	result
that crosslink igm and cd40 ( fig. 3a ) .	result
induction of both cd86 and mhcii by lps was attenuated in peli1-/ - b cells ( fig. 3a ) .	result
the inhibitory effect of peli1 deficiency on cd86 and mhcii induction was even more profoundly seen in b cells stimulated with the tlr3 ligand , poly ( i : c ) ( fig. 3a ) .	result
on the other hand , loss of peli1 had no effect on the induction of cd86 and mhcii by several other tlr ligands , including pgn and cpg ( fig. 3a ) as well as pam3csk4 , malp2 , and r837 ( supplementary fig. 5 and data not shown ) .	result
furthermore , peli1 was dispensable for the induction of cd86 and mhcii by anti-igm and anti-cd40 .	result
thus , peli1 is required for cd86 and mhcii induction specifically by tlr3 and tlr4 signals .	implication

several reports have demonstrated	result
that isolated ph domains can bind in vitro to gbetagamma subunits and phospholipids like phosphatidylinositol ( 4,5 ) bisphosphate ( pip2 ) and inositol ( 3,4,5 ) trisphosphate ( ip3 ) ( harlan et al. , 1994 ; ferguson et al. , 1995 ; mahadevan et al. , 1995 ; touhara et al. , 1995 ) .	result
phosphoinositide-3-kinase ,	fact
which stimulates the synthesis of phosphatidylinositol ( 3,4,5 ) trisphosphate ( pip3 ) from pip2 ( hiles et al. , 1992 ) , has been implicated in the activation of rac by pdgf and insulin ( wennstrom et al. , 1994 ; hawkins et al. , 1995 ) and might be required for the activation of rac by ras ( rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 ) .	fact
although we have shown that the association of tiam1 with the plasma membrane is induced by serum	result
neither pdgf nor insulin could substitute for serum in nih3t3 cells .	result
gbetagamma subunits and phospholipids represent potential downstream effectors of g-protein-coupled receptors and/or activated tyrosine kinase receptors .	fact
based on the in vitro binding data of ph domains , it is tempting	hypothesis
to speculate that gbetagamma subunits and/or specific phospholipids regulate the association of tiam1 with the plasma membrane , as depicted in fig. 10 .	hypothesis
the fact that we were not able to functionally exchange the nh2-terminal ph domain of tiam1 for other ph domains argues for a specific targeting function for this ph domain	implication
and similar results have been reported for ph domains in other signaling proteins ( buchsbaum et al. , 1996 ; kolanus et al. , 1996 ) .	result
however , at the moment we can not determine	goal
whether ph domains can function as independent modules or whether additional sequences are required for their activity .	hypothesis

the subcellular localization of pag was analyzed by immunofluorescence in fixed and permeabilized raji cells .	method
confocal laser scan microscopy demonstrated that pag predominantly localizes to the plasma membrane ( fig. 6 a )	result
similar results were observed in jurkat cells ( not shown ) .	result
to further analyze in which membrane compartment pag is localized	goal
jurkat cells were lysed in brij58 detergent and subjected to sucrose gradient ultracentrifugation .	method
as shown in fig. 6 b , nearly all pag was present in buoyant , detergent-resistant gems ;	result
when cells were solubilized in laurylmaltoside ( which effectively dissolves gems ) , all pag was detected exclusively in the dense fractions of the gradient ( fig. 6 b ) .	result
thus , the major portion of pag is localized in the plasma membrane , namely in the subcompartment corresponding to gems .	implication

tor signaling has been well established in the regulation of cell and organ size in drosophila35 , 36 .	fact
this led	method
us to examine the contribution of draga and dragc to cell growth in vivo .	method
draga wild type , constitutively active mutant draga q61l , and dominant negative mutant draga t16n were each expressed in posterior wing compartments	method
using the posterior driver en-gal4 .	method
we found	result
that expression of the constitutively active draga q61l but not the wild type draga significantly increased posterior compartment size relative to that of the control anterior compartment ( fig. 4a ) .	result
in contrast , expression of the dominant negative draga t16n decreased posterior wing compartment size .	result
consistent with these results , expression of draga q61l increased individual cell size of the wing ,	result
while expression of draga t16n reduced cell size ( fig. 4b ) .	result
we also expressed draga in the dorsal wing surface of the wing	result
using the dorsal specific ap-gal4 .	result
as predicted	result
expression of draga q61l or draga t16n caused wing curvature downward or upward , respectively ( fig. s4a , b ) .	result
these results support	implication
that high activity of draga promotes cell growth and low activity of draga inhibits cell growth .	implication

the observations	result
that pex13p and pex7p interact in the two-hybrid system and can be efficiently coimmunoprecipitated indicate that the proteins interact in vivo ( figs. 3 and 4 ) .	implication
whether pex13p directly binds	problem
pex7p remains to be shown .	problem
attempts	none
to demonstrate direct binding of the proteins by coimmunoprecipitation of in vitro translated proteins were unsuccessful ( data not shown ) .	result
our data do not exclude the existence of a bridging protein which would directly interact with both pex13p and pex7p	hypothesis
a requirement fulfilled by pex14p .	hypothesis
however , two observations indicate	implication
that the hypothetical bridging protein is not one of the known binding partners for pex13p .	implication
first , the pex7p/pex13p interaction is also observed in the absence of these proteins ( figs. 3 and 4 ) , and	result
second , the cooh-terminal sh3 domain alone is sufficient for the pex13p/ pex14p and pex13p/pex5p two-hybrid interaction , but not for the interaction of pex13p with pex7p ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) .	result
a direct interaction of pex13p and pex7p is further suggested by the genetic suppression of the defect caused by a functionally compromised ha-tagged pex7p by overexpression of pex13p ( fig. 5 ) .	implication

to generate cell lines stably expressing fz receptors , cells grown on 10-cm plates were transfected	method
using lipofectamine2000 according to the manufacturer 's instructions ( invitrogen ) .	method
at 24 h post-transfection , cells were plated out in	method
limiting dilution and cultured under neomycin selection ( 1 mg/ml g418 ) for 10 to 14 d .	method
at least 20 single cell clones were screened for expression via western blot analysis .	method

for construction of prs-pex7ha3 , the saci/kpni fragment of yip-peb - ha3 ( zhang and lazarow , 1995 ) was subcloned into low copy plasmid prs316 ( sikorski and hieter , 1989 ) .	method
yep351-pex14 was constructed by	method
subcloning the saci/bamhi fragment of prs-pex14 into yep351 ( hill et al. , 1986 ; albertini et al. , 1997 ) .	method
yep351-pex13 was constructed by	method
subcloning the xhoi/psti fragment of prs-pex13 into yep351 ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) .	method

the effects of ptp-pest removal on cell migration and focal adhesion number were similar to the phenotype of the fak mutant cells ( ilic et al. , 1995 ) .	result
both showed a decrease in fibroblast migration using fibronectin as an extracellular matrix , and	result
the presence of numerous immature focal adhesions scattered on the ventral face of the cell ( figs. 2 and 3 ) .	result
even though fak and ptp-pest have opposite catalytic activities on a common substrate , p130cas	result
ptp-pest does not seem to antagonize the effects of fak in cell migration , but rather to potentiate these effects .	result
this suggests a mechanism	hypothesis
where both a formation and a breakdown pathway are triggered at the same time to increase the turnover rate of the focal adhesion structures .	hypothesis
without the pathway required for focal adhesion breakdown ,	hypothesis
the adhesive contacts between the extracellular matrix and the cell are too strong , and the cell adheres and does not migrate ( schwarzbauer , 1997 ) .	hypothesis
in fak ( -/- ) cells , the actin stress fibers were dense around the cell periphery rather than in the center ,	result
where they can exert the transcellular tension necessary for cell migration ( lauffenburger and horwitz , 1996 ) .	implication
in contrast , in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells , central stress fibers are omnipresent ,	result
suggesting that the cells can not turn them over .	implication
this state is also incompatible with cell migration .	fact
the absence of differences in the early stages of cell attachment to fibronectin ( fig. 3 , a-d ) suggests	result
that ptp-pest is not implicated in the initial formation of stress fibers or focal adhesions .	implication
however , at equilibrium , clear	result
differences appear ( fig. 3 , e-h ) .	result
the focal adhesions in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells are numerous and scattered throughout the ventral ( i.e. , substrate-attached ) membrane of the cell ,	result
which can in part explain the absence of motility of the cells when tested in the wound healing assay .	result
in contrast , the heterozygous cells became rounded ,	result
their focal adhesions were punctate and found only at the tips of their membranes , which is consistent with a migrating cell .	result
this led	hypothesis
us to believe that ptp-pest is implicated in focal adhesion and stress fiber breakdown , a role that is the counterpart of fak or src but is required for the successful achievement of the same event , cell migration .	hypothesis

although the ability of one wnt ligand to function in two distinct pathways based on receptor context is novel for the wnt field , we note	fact
that in an entirely different system , opposing effects brought about by a single ligand have also been explained by the use of different receptor classes .	fact
this example is formed by the netrins , ligands	fact
that can either attract or repel axons depending on whether they interact with the dcc ( deleted in colorectal carcinoma ) or unc5 ( uncoordinated family member 5 ) families of receptors [ 54 - 56 ] .	fact
thus , ligands engaging multiple receptors	fact
to effect different signaling outcomes is not unprecedented in nature .	fact

alpha/beta t cells ( 99.5 % pure , > 85 % propidium iodide negative ) were prepared from buffy coats by ficoll centrifugation and preparative cell sorting	method
using a facs vantage ( tm ) flow cytometer ( becton dickinson ) to remove monocytes , b , nk , and gamma/delta t cells .	method
sorted cells were allowed	method
to rest for at least 24 h in rpmi 1640 medium ( gibco brl ) supplemented with 10 % human ab serum .	method
p116 cells ( a gift from dr. r. abraham , the mayo clinic , rochester , ny ; reference 35 ) , j.cam1.6 cells ( donated by dr. a. weiss , university of california at san francisco , san francisco , ca ; reference 36 ) , and the other cell lines used were maintained in medium supplemented with 10 % fcs , 1 % penicillin-streptomycin , and 2 % glutamine ( all supplements from gibco brl ) .	method

in vitro kinase reaction , two-dimensional gel electrophoresis , and western blot analysis were performed essentially	method
as described previously 37 , with the exception of the experiment shown in fig. 8 b , where 1 mum cold atp was added to the kinase buffer .	method
for reproducible detection of gem components ( such as pag ) by western blotting , it was necessary	method
to solubilize the cells by 1 % laurylmaltoside to avoid losses during removal of nuclei by low-speed centrifugation .	method
density gradient ultracentrifugation was performed essentially as described above , except that standard lysis buffer with 1 % detergents ( brij58 , laurylmaltoside ) was used , sample size ( in 40 % sucrose ) was 1 ml	method
and the 30 % sucrose layer was 3.5 ml .	method
after ultracentrifugation , the gradient was separated into eight fractions of equal volume .	method
these and the sediment were further analyzed by sds-page and western blotting .	method

we have previously demonstrated	result
that efs isolated from ikkalpha-deficient mice can activate nf-kappab in response to tnf and il-1 , suggesting that ikkalpha is not essential for either the tnf or il-1 signaling pathways 11 .	implication
the dispensable role of ikkalpha in nf-kappab activation through tnfr-i was also confirmed by the detection of phosphorylated ikappabalpha in ikkalpha-deficient efs after tnf stimulation ( fig. 2 c ) .	result
because nik is essential for ltbetar signaling , as demonstrated above , and nik has been shown to phosphorylate ikkalpha 26	result
it is important to determine whether ikkalpha is also essential for ltbetar signaling .	hypothesis
we therefore treated efs from ikkalpha-deficient mice with agonistic anti-ltbetar mab and assessed nf-kappab activation by the detection of phosphorylated ikappabalpha .	method
we found	result
that ikkalpha-deficient efs showed no ikappabalpha phosphorylation after ltbetar stimulation , suggesting that nik-ikkalpha constitutes an important pathway in ltbetar signaling ( fig. 2 b ) .	result
ltbetar expression assessed by flow-cytometric analysis with anti-ltbetar mab ( af.h6 ) was similar among wild-type , aly , and ikkalpha-deficient efs ( fig. 2 d ) .	result
the basal level of nf-kappab activation , assessed by the treatment of efs with alln alone ,	result
which blocks the degradation of phosphorylated ikappabalpha by proteasomes 3 , was reduced in aly mice and reduced more profoundly in ikkalpha-deficient mice ( fig. 2 b ) .	result

a key tlr signaling event is activation of the nf-kappab family of transcription factors ,	fact
which mediate induction of various proinflammatory cytokines and many other immune genes 2 , 5 .	fact
in unstimulated cells , nf-kappab proteins are sequestered in the cytoplasm by inhibitory proteins , ikappabs 5 .	fact
in response to tlr stimuli , ikappab kinases ( ikks ) phosphorylate	fact
ikappabs , causing their degradation and nf-kappab nuclear translocation 5 . another tlr signaling pathway , which is stimulated by tlr3 and tlr4 , involves activation of the ikk-related kinases , ikkepsilon ( also called ikki ) and tbk1 6 , 7 , which are responsible for activation of ifn-responsive factor 3 ( irf3 ) , a transcription factor that mediates induction of genes encoding type i ifns and ifn-responsive factors 2 .	fact

single cell suspensions prepared from wild-type was-/ - or was-/-deltagbd thymi and	method
lymph nodes were subjected to erythrocyte lysis in ammonium chloride buffer and then cultured in 96-well plates ( 2 x 106 cells/ml ) for 48 h in culture medium alone or with 0-25 mug/ml plate-bound anti-cd3epsilon antibody with or without 0.2 mug/ml anti-cd28 antibody .	method
cultured cells were pulsed with 1 muci/well [ 3h ] thymidine for 18 h and incorporated	method
radioactivity was measured using an automated beta scintillation counter .	method

in this study , however , we have demonstrated in vivo	result
that activation of the p42/p44 mapk plays a key role in triggering its nuclear translocation .	implication
moreover , this activation is both necessary and sufficient .	result
indeed , blocking the activation of p42/p44 mapk with the mek inhibitor park davis 98059 ( pd 98059 ; references 2 , 12 ) impedes nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk ,	fact
while the sole activation of this pathway by the chimera deltaraf-1 : er ( 28 , 43 , 44 ) results in the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	fact
in addition , we have shown	result
that the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk that peaks after 3 h of serum stimulation requires the neosynthesis of short-lived proteins .	result
blocking serum-dependent transcriptional activation by actinomycin d or blocking protein synthesis by cycloheximide	result
two actions that do not suppress mapk activation by serum , impedes nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	result
in addition ,	result
blocking protein synthesis during mitogenic stimulation accelerates the efflux of p42/p44 mapk from the nucleus .	result
this result indicates	implication
that the proteins that contribute to the nuclear retention of p42/p44 mapk are short-lived .	implication
in fact , the stabilization of these short-lived proteins via inhibition of targeted proteolysis by the proteasome	fact
for reviews see 4 , 42 ) greatly potentiated p42/p44 mapk nuclear localization .	fact
however , the rapid entry of mapk into the nucleus does not require protein synthesis .	implication
in conclusion , the data presented here lead	implication
us to dissociate two events : the rapid nuclear entry of p42/p44 mapk and the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	implication
both processes require robust activation of p42/p44 mapk , the second being dependent on neosynthesis of short-lived proteins ( most likely nuclear anchors ) induced by activation of the p42/p44 mapk cascade .	implication

supplementary materials	none

phosphorylation of wasp at y291 by both btk and hck has been demonstrated in exogenous expression systems ( 14 , 15 )	result
but the ptks modulating y291 phosphorylation in vivo in t cells have not been defined .	problem
similarly ,	problem
although wasp has been shown to bind gst fusion proteins containing the itk , lck , or fyn sh3 domains and associate with fyn in transformed monocytes ( 16-18 ) , the relevance of these interactions to the in vivo induction of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation in t cells remains unknown .	problem
to address these issues	goal
induction of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation was evaluated in t cells deficient for itk , lck , or fyn .	method
as shown in fig. 3 a , immunoblotting analysis revealed	result
no differences in the levels of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation elicited in t cells from itk-deficient compared with wild-type mice .	result
similarly , comparisons between lck-deficient jcam-1 cells and jcam-1 cells reconstituted for lck expression revealed induction of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation	result
to be unaffected by lck deficiency .	result
by contrast , t cells from fyn-deficient mice showed no detectable increase in tyrosine phosphorylation in response to tcr engagement .	result
moreover , tcr-elicited wasp tyrosine phosphorylation was markedly lower in	result
jurkat cells coexpressing wild-type and a catalytically inert fyn ( fynk296m ) protein ( 23 ) compared with cells expressing only wild-type fyn and was essentially abrogated by the sole overexpression of fynk296m ( fig. 3 b ) .	result
these data indicate	implication
that fyn , but not itk or lck , is required for wasp tyrosine phosphorylation and raise the possibility that wasp might be exclusively tyrosine phosphorylated by fyn in t cells .	implication
importantly , the coexpression in jurkat cells of fyn with either dominant negative ( cdc42-n17 ) or activated ( cdc42-v12 ) cdc42 mutant proteins had no effect on tcr-induced wasp tyrosine phosphorylation ,	result
implying that fyn phosphorylates wasp independently of cdc42 activity ( fig. 3 c ) .	implication

the full-length tiam1 protein ( fl1591 ) carries a consensus myristoylation sequence at the nh2 terminus .	fact
by labeling with [ 3h ] myristate , we have confirmed	method
that the nh2 terminus of tiam1 is myristoylated ( not shown ) .	result
to test whether the myristoylation is sufficient for the membrane association of full-length tiam1	goal
a small deletion was also made in the nh2-terminal ph domain of full-length fl1591 tiam1 .	method
however ,	result
similar to c1199-deltaphn , mutant fulllength tiam1 ( fl1591-deltaphn ) was unable to induce membrane ruffling in nih3t3 cells or cos cells ( fig. 6 , c and d ) , and immuno-em showed that the protein was not localized at the plasma membrane ( data not shown ) .	result
apparently , the nh2-terminal myristoylation of full-length tiam1 alone is not sufficient for membrane localization .	implication
to further substantiate this	goal
the nh2-terminal c-src sequences were fused in front of the fl1591-deltaphn1 tiam1 protein .	method
this region of src contains a basic region that is required for optimal membrane translocation in addition to the myristoylation sequence ,	fact
whereas other src-like tyrosine kinases contain a palmitoylated cysteine in this region ( superti-furga and courtneidge , 1995 ) .	fact
both additional sequences are absent in tiam1 .	fact
cells expressing the ms-fl1591-deltaphn1 tiam1 protein again showed membrane ruffling , although less extensive than cells expressing fl1591 tiam1 ( fig. 6 , c-e ) .	result
again , no main differences in expression levels were observed between these proteins ( data not shown ) .	result
immuno-em confirmed	result
that the ms-fl1591-deltaphn1 tiam1 protein was present at and close to the plasma membrane , as found for ms-c580 tiam1 ( data not shown ) .	result
apparently , the accessory basic region of c-src also functions	fact
to properly localize ms-fl1591deltaphn1 tiam1 .	fact
similar to ms-c580 , the expression of msfl1591-deltaphn tiam1 led to the formation of small cytoplasmic vesicle-like structures	result
and the protein was also located around these structures ( fig. 6 e ) .	result
these observations indicate	implication
that the nh2-terminal ph domain also serves as an essential membrane tag , or perhaps membrane anchor , for full-length tiam1 .	implication

the ptp-pest ( +/- ) and ( -/- ) cell lines are described in cote et al. ( 1998 ) .	method
ptp-pest ( -/- ) , ptp-pest ( +/- ) , and	method
cos-1 cells were maintained in dme supplemented with 10 % fbs and penicillin/streptomycin .	method

sos-1 has been shown	result
to be part of a signaling complex with grb2 , which mediates the activation of ras upon rtk stimulation .	result
our finding	implication
that , under physiological conditions , sos-1 also participates in a complex with eps8 and e3b1 raises the question of the physical and functional relationships between these two sos-1-containing complexes .	implication
to gain insight into this issue , we initially mapped the region of e3b1 responsible for the interaction with sos-1 by	goal
using a series of deletion mutants of e3b1 fused to glutathione s-transferase ( gst ) .	method
native sos-1 could be efficiently	result
recovered onto gst-e3b1 full length ( fig. 2 a , amino acids [ aa ] 2-480 ) .	result
further mapping revealed	result
that the sh3 domain of e3b1 ( aa 416-480 ) was necessary and sufficient for binding ( fig. 2 a ) .	result

after dna damage , we have consistently observed	result
stabilization of the ck2-phosphorylated mdc1 relative to the total mdc1 pool , which is downregulated .	result
this is consistent with a recent study showing 26s proteasome-dependent turnover of the mediator proteins topoisomerase ii binding protein 1 ( topbp1 ) , claspin , 53bp1 and mdc1 following dna damage ( zhang et al , 2006 ) .	result
whether ck2 phosphorylation itself , or mrn binding to the phosphorylated sdtd motifs , protects a sub-pool of mdc1 from proteolytic degradation	problem
remains to be determined .	problem
it is also noteworthy	result
that ck2 phosphorylations on xrcc1 mediate binding to pnk , aprataxin and aplf ( clements et al , 2004 ; loizou et al , 2004 ; iles et al , 2007 ) and , conversely , that fha domain-containing proteins such as pnk , aprataxin and aplf are able to bind to ck2 phosphorylation sites on both xrcc1 and xrcc4 .	result
this raises the possibility	hypothesis
that the phosphorylated sdtd regions of mdc1 might interact with proteins in addition to nbs1 , and that the fha/brct2 region of nbs1 might have more than one physiological target .	hypothesis

culture and starvation of larvae , fat body dissection , texas red-phalloidin treatment and lysotracker staining were performed as described48 .	method
gfp-atg8a was expressed in spontaneous larval fat body clones as described45 .	method
images were captured	method
using act1 software to run a dxm 1200 nikon digital camera attached to a zeiss axioscope 2 epifluorescence microscope with plan-neoflar 5x and 40x objective lens .	method
average area of mutant and surrounding control fat body cells was determined	method
using the histogram function of adobe photoshop 7.0 .	method
to quantify transgene effects on adult wing cell and compartment size	goal
the average area and number of cells within a representative anterior region ( area between wing margin and l1 ) and a representative posterior region ( area between l3 and l4 ) was determined using photoshop 7.0 .	method
statistical analyses were performed on a minimum of six samples per genotype	method
and significance was determined using student 's 2-tailed unpaired t-test .	method

in addition to direct binding of grb2 to phosphotyrosine residues of receptor kinases , grb2 can also be recruited to the receptor by binding	fact
to shc when shc is tyrosine phosphorylated as a result of receptor stimulation .	fact
phosphorylation of shc results in binding of grb2 to the phosphorylated tyrosine of shc via its sh2 domain .	fact
we found	result
that five bait phosphopeptides had grb2 and shc as common binding partners .	result
however , in all five cases , the bait peptide contained overlapping binding motifs for grb2 and shc	result
see also inset in figure 3 ) .	result
furthermore , the experiments were carried out in cells	method
that were not especially stimulated with growth factor ( even though they were grown in the presence of serum ) .	method
thus ,	implication
most signal-dependent multi-protein complexes are not present and binding partners are not activated ( phosphorylated ) .	implication
therefore , the identification of grb2 in our pull-down experiments is most likely due	implication
to direct binding and not indirect binding as an interaction partner of shc .	implication
for the above reasons , we believe	implication
that our experiments generally yield the direct or primary phosphotyrosine interactome rather than protein complexes .	implication

in order to probe the functional consequence of ship activation , f. novicida-induced	goal
cytokine production was compared in bmms obtained from ship+/+ and ship-/ - littermate mice .	method
thus , ship+/+ and ship-/ - bmms were infected with f. novicida , and	method
cell supernatants from uninfected and infected cells were harvested 8 h post infection and analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) for il-12 , il-6 , and rantes .	method
as seen in figure 1c , ship-/	result
bmms produced significantly elevated levels of pro-inflammatory mediators compared to their wild-type counterparts .	result
similar results were obtained with peritoneal macrophages isolated from ship+/+ and ship-/ - littermates , and indicate	result
that ship-deficient macrophages make more il-12 and il-6 ( unpublished data ; p < 0.05 ) .	implication
protein-matched cell lysates from ship+/+ and ship-/ -	method
bmms were analyzed by western blotting with ship antibody to confirm the genotype of these cells ( figure 1d ) .	goal
these data indicate	implication
that ship is a negative regulator of il-12 , il-6 , and rantes secretion by f. novicida-infected macrophages .	implication

to analyze whether the observed pex13p/pex7p two-hybrid interaction depends on known binding partners for pex13p	goal
tests were also performed in isogenic pex5delta and pex14delta strains ( fig. 4 a ) .	method
furthermore , we analyzed the association of pex7p with a mutated pex13pe320k in a pex5delta mutant ( fig. 4 b ) .	method
because pex13pe320k lost the ability to interact with pex14p in the yeast two-hybrid system ( fig. 4 b , see also fig. 8 )	result
this experiment was expected to monitor the pex13p/pex7p interaction upon simultaneous elimination of the pex14p and pex5p influence .	hypothesis
as shown in fig. 4	result
these two-hybrid analyses did not reveal an influence of pex5p or pex14p on the pex13p/ pex7p interaction .	result
no difference was observed independent of	result
whether the pex7p/pex13p interaction was analyzed in wild-type , pex5delta , or pex14delta strains ( fig. 4 a ) , or for the pex7p/pex13pe320k interaction in pex5delta cells ( fig. 4 b ) .	result
these results indicate	implication
that neither pex14p nor pex5p is required for the in vivo interaction of pex7p with pex13p , and therefore are in agreement with results obtained in the coimmunoprecipitation experiment ( fig. 3 ) .	implication

p42/p44 mapk activity was assayed	method
as previously described ( 28 ) .	method
in brief , cells were lysed in the lysis buffer described in the previous section .	method
after centrifugation	method
to remove insoluble cell fragments , the supernatant was incubated with 5 mul of the mapk precipitating antibody kelly as previously described ( 28 ) and protein a-sepharose ( pharmacia biotech , piscataway , nj ) .	method
the immune complex was washed five times with the lysis buffer and once with the kinase buffer without substrate .	method
immunoprecipitated mapk was then incubated for 20 min at 30degreesc in the kinase buffer : 20 mm hepes , ph 7.4 , 10 mm mgcl2 , 1 mm dithiothreitol , 20 mm paranitrophenylphosphate , 0.25 mg/ml myelin basic protein and 30 mum atp ( 3 muci of [ gamma32p ] atp ) .	method
the kinase reaction was stopped by adding laemmli buffer , and	method
the myelin basic protein was separated by an sds-polyacrylamide gel ( 10 % , 29:1 ) .	method
radioactivity was measured by the macbass quantification program of the fuji phosphoimager ( tokyo , japan ) .	method

lb27.4 b cells ( h-2d/b-restricted b cell hybrid ; american type culture collection ) were incubated with ova peptide ( ova329-339 ) for 4 h at 37degreesc followed by centrifugation at 200 g for 5 min with an equal number of lymph node t cells from transgenic mice or from was-/-/ot-ii lymphocytes transfected with pegfp-c3 or pdsred expression constructs .	method
samples were incubated at room temperature for 10 min and	method
the cells were resuspended and plated onto poly-l-lysine-coated coverslips ( biocoat ; becton dickinson ) before fixation in 3 % paraformaldehyde .	method
synapse formation was scored	result
as the percent conjugates ( t cell in physical contact with an apc ) showing actin accumulation at the t cell-apc interface .	result

to investigate the function of endogenous drag	goal
we identified a p element insertion in the 5 ' untranslated region of the dragc gene .	method
animals homozygous	result
for this insertion were found to arrest growth at the early third instar larval stage , similar to the growth arrest observed in tor loss of function mutants36 , and could be restored to viability upon mobilization of the p element ( data not shown ) .	result
in the larval fat body , clones of cells homozygous for this dragc mutation showed a statistically significant reduction in cell size under fed but not starved conditions ( fig. 4c , d ) ,	result
highlighting a requirement for endogenous dragc in cell growth regulation and nutrient response .	implication

tyrosine-phosphorylated pag binds to a remarkable number of different sh2 domains in vitro ( fig. 7 a ) .	result
this is consistent with the idea	implication
that several , if not all , of the potential tyrosine residues become phosphorylated in vivo , and that pag is capable of binding to a variety of intracellular sh2 domain-containing signaling molecules .	implication
however , the only two proteins	result
that we reproducibly found to interact with pag were the ptks fyn and csk ( fig. 7 ) .	result

ratios of labeled to unlabeled forms of each validated tryptic peptide , and the associated average ratio for the whole protein were obtained by msquant .	method
a plot of the distribution of all protein ratios from one experiment revealed the highest number of proteins with a ratio of around one .	result
those ratios being significantly ( 2sigma ) different from the average ratio of the majority ( covering mean+/-sigma ) of identified proteins were considered	result
as significant .	result
furthermore , we used crossover experiments ( schulze and mann , 2004 )	method
in which specific interaction partners were required to have inverse ratios compared to the first experiment .	method
in the pull-down experiments , 89-153 proteins were quantified .	method
cutoff thresholds were calculated for each experiment individually .	method
the range of average ratios for unspecific binders ranged from 0.96+/-0.52 to 1.86+/-0.87 in different pull-down experiments .	method

the inositol phosphatase ship plays an important role in	fact
regulating macrophage innate immune responses to igg immune complexes and bacterial products [ 16,24-29 ] .	fact
recent studies have indicated	result
that while ship negatively regulates tlr2 function [ 30 ] , it promotes tlr4 function [ 16,27,29 ] .	result
ship is a constitutively active , cytoplasmic enzyme	fact
that must translocate to the membrane where it accesses its substrate pi3,4,5p3 .	fact
membrane translocation of ship is accompanied by tyrosine phosphorylation of ship by membrane-associated src kinases .	fact
thus , tyrosine phosphorylation of ship is often used as an indicator of ship translocation to the membrane [ 16 ] .	fact
to address the role of ship in f.	goal
novicida-stimulated host cell response , raw 264.7 murine macrophage cells were infected with f. novicida .	method
ship proteins were immunoprecipitated from uninfected and infected cells , and analyzed by western blotting with phosphotyrosine antibody ( figure 1a , upper panel ) .	method
the same membrane was reprobed with ship antibody	method
lower panel ) .	method
results indicate	result
that ship is tyrosine phosphorylated in cells infected with f. novicida , and that robust phosphorylation of ship occurs at the later time points ( 30 and 60 min post infection ) .	result
having determined the time course of ship phosphorylation in raw 264.7 cells	method
we next tested whether these findings could be validated in primary cells .	method
here murine bone marrow-derived macrophages ( bmms ) were infected with f. novicida for varying times , and	method
phosphorylation of ship was analyzed by western blotting with a phospho-specific ship antibody ( figure 1b , upper panel ) .	method
results indicated	result
that infection of bmms by f. novicida induces tyrosine phosphorylation of ship ( figure 1b ) .	result
to ensure equal loading of protein in all lanes	goal
the same membrane was reprobed with anti-ship antibody .	method
these results suggest a potential involvement of ship in f. novicida-induced macrophage signaling .	implication

erbb3 contains three pairs of tyrosine residues	fact
that are separated by one glutamic acid residue comprising y1197 and y1199 , y1222 and y1224 , as well as y1260 and y1262 .	fact
these y-e-y motifs were not found in any of the other erbb-receptors ,	fact
suggesting that these regions may perhaps have specific interaction partners also in the doubly phosphorylated state , or that double phosphorylation enhances or abolishes interaction of proteins in the singly phosphorylated peptides .	implication
to investigate this question , we used the y-e-y regions as bait peptides in unphosphorylated , singly phosphorylated and doubly phosphorylated states , with cell lysates	goal
that were metabolically labeled with either 12c6-arginine ( arg0 ) , 13c6-arginine ( arg6 ) or 15n4 13c6-arginine ( arg10 ) and used in pull-down experiments with unphosphorylated , singly phosphorylated and doubly phosphorylated bait peptides .	method

peli1 joins traf6 as the second e3 ubiquitin ligase known	fact
to mediate ikk-nf-kappab activation in the tlr-signaling pathways .	fact
however , these two e3 molecules appear	fact
to have distinct roles .	fact
extensive studies have established traf6 as an essential e3 in the myd88-dependent tlr and il-1r signaling pathways 2 . on the other hand	fact
traf6 appears to be less important for trif-dependent tlr signaling .	fact
although traf6 binds to trif and modulates trif-specific signaling function under transfection conditions 36	fact
traf6 deficiency does not impair poly ( i : c ) -stimulated nf-kappab activation 23 .	implication
in contrast to traf6 , peli1 is critical for the trif-dependent tlr signaling but is dispensable for the signaling function of myd88-dependent tlrs and il-1r .	fact
the finding that peli1 is not required for il-1r signaling was unexpected ,	result
as a previous transfection study suggests a role for peli1 in regulating il-1r signaling in 293 cells 34 .	result
it is currently unclear	problem
whether peli1 is functionally redundant with traf6 or other peli members in mediating the signaling of il-1r and myd88-dependent tlrs .	problem
as the different peli family members share strong sequence homology 12 , it is possible	hypothesis
that they possess functional redundancy in certain signaling pathways and cell types .	hypothesis
nevertheless , our findings suggest a crucial function of peli1 in the trif-dependent nf-kappab signaling pathway .	implication
it is important	implication
to note , however , that the defect of peli1-/ - mice and cells in cytokine induction is less severe than that of the trif-/ - mice and cells .	implication
this finding implies	implication
that peli1 homologues or additional e3 proteins may also participate in trif signaling .	implication
an alternative explanation is	implication
that the ubiquitination of rip1 is important , but not absolutely essential , for mediating trif-dependent nf-kappab activation .	implication
the signaling function of peli1 appears	implication
to be cell type-specific , with the most obvious phenotype observed in b cells and mefs .	implication
future studies will examine	goal
whether the cell type-specific function of peli1 is due to its expression amount or redundancy with other peli members .	goal

for each immunoprecipitation , 500 mug of total cell lysate was incubated with 1 mug of antibody and 30 mul of protein g-agarose ( gibco brl ) to a total volume of 1 ml in their respective lysis buffer ( supplemented with vanadate and protease inhibitors ) at 4degreesc for 90 min .	method
the beads were then washed three times ( the last wash for 15 min at 4degreesc ) in their respective buffers , except fak , pstpip , and pstpip2	method
which were washed in hntg buffer ( 10 mm hepes-koh , ph 7.5 , 150 mm nacl , 0.1 % triton x-100 , 10 % glycerol ) , and resuspended in 30 mul of sds-page loading dye .	method

to determine the functional relationship between drag and the components of tor signaling pathway	goal
we performed knockdown of dtsc2 and dpten , two negative regulators of dtor , in combination with drag .	method
as expected	method
dtsc2 knockdown increased ds6k phosphorylation ( fig. 1c ) .	result
knockdown of either draga or dragc compromised the effect of tsc2 knockdown on ds6k phosphorylation ( fig. 1c ) .	result
of note is that	result
knockdown of draga or dragc did not decrease ds6k phosphorylation below the basal level when dtsc2 was also knocked down .	result
in contrast , drheb knockdown eliminated ds6k phosphorylation	result
even when dtsc2 was knocked down ( data not shown ) .	result
similar results between drag and dpten were observed ( fig. 1c ) .	result
these data suggest	implication
that raga and ragc may function in parallel to pten and tsc2 to activate torc1 .	implication

csk downregulates the activity of src kinases via phosphorylation of negative regulatory tyrosine residues located at the cooh termini of the kinases .	result
to investigate whether membrane targeting of csk by pag would lead to altered substrate phosphorylation by src family kinases , cos cells ( which express endogenous csk ; fig. 7 d ) were transiently transfected with cdna constructs	goal
encoding a chimeric zeta molecule composed of the extracellular domain of cd25 ( tac ) fused to the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of tcr zeta chain ( tac/zeta/zeta ) , the src family ptk fyn , and flag-tagged pag .	method
cell lysates were subjected to cd25 immunoprecipitation followed by anti-p-tyr western blotting .	method
as shown in fig. 8 a , when coexpressed with fyn alone	result
the tac/zeta/zeta chimera readily became tyrosine phosphorylated .	result
however , when pag was coexpressed with fyn and tac/zeta/zeta , the level of tyrosine phosphorylation of the tac/zeta/zeta chimera markedly decreased	result
and this was accompanied by a strong recruitment of endogenously expressed csk to pag .	result
similarly , expression of csk and pag resulted in impaired fyn kinase activity	result
as judged from an experiment in which fyn autophosphorylation was assessed by in vitro kinase assays of fyn immunoprecipitates prepared from cos cells transfected with pag and csk cdnas ( fig. 8 b ) .	result
these experiments indicate a negative regulatory role of pag in t cell activation based on its ability to recruit csk to the plasma membrane , followed by downregulation of src family kinase ( s ) activity and inhibition of tyrosine phosphorylation of substrates such as zeta .	implication
in agreement with a negative regulatory role of pag during t cell activation was the finding	result
that pag , when transiently overexpressed in jurkat cells , downregulated tcr-mediated activation of nf-at ( fig. 8 c ) , whereas overexpression of the cytoplasmic adaptor protein slp-76 upregulated the response as reported previously 49 .	result

to investigate the in vivo function of peli1 in regulating tlr signaling	goal
we employed a septic shock model involving intra-peritoneal ( i.p. ) injection of the tlr4 ligand lps plus a liver-specific transcription inhibitor , d-galactosamine , which enhances the toxicity of lps 24 .	method
in this acute inflammation model , lethality occurs within hours and is largely dependent on the production of the proinflammatory cytokine tnf 25 , 26 .	result
as expected	result
injection of lps and d-galacosamine caused lethality in the majority of peli1+/+ mice within 9 hours and killed all of them within 18 hours ( fig. 1a ) .	result
in sharp contrast , none of the peli1-/ - mice succumbed to the septic shock induction during the entire 24 hour time period ( fig. 1a ) .	result
we also employed a septic shock model involving injection of high-doses of lps in the absence of d-galactosamine .	method
as expected , a much higher dose of lps ( 45 mg/kg body weight ) and a considerably longer time ( 24 hours ) were required	result
to induce a moderate frequency ( 2 out of 6 ) of lethality in wild-type mice ( supplementary fig. 3 ) .	result
at this time , none of the peli1-/ - mice succumbed .	result
after longer times , 1 of the 6 peli1-/ - mice died , compared to 50 % of the peli1+/+ mice ( supplementary fig. 3 ) .	result
thus ,	implication
although less striking than the acute lethality model , the peli1 deficiency also caused reduced the lethality induced in the high-dose lps model .	implication

western blot analyses were carried out	method
as previously described ( 27 ) .	method
for detection of irak and ikappab-alpha protein levels , np-40 cell lysates ( 105 cells /sample ) were separated on sds-page and transferred to nitrocellulose ( msi , westboro , ma ) .	method
the filters were immunoblotted with irak antiserum ( 1 : 1,000 dilution ) or rabbit antibody to ikappab-alpha ( santa cruz biotechnology ) .	method
the bands corresponding to specific proteins were detected by horseradish-peroxidase-conjugated rabbit igg and enhanced chemiluminescence ( amersham corp. ) .	method

antibodies were used at the following concentrations : rabbit anti-wnt5a ( 1:1 ,000 ) , rabbit anti-fz4 ( 1:1 ,000 ) , mouse 9e10 ( 1:200 ; developmental studies hybridoma bank at the university of iowa , iowa city , iowa , united states ) , mouse anti-beta-catenin ( 1:500 ; santa cruz biotechnology , santa cruz , california , united states ) , mouse anti-gsk-3beta ( 1:2 ,000 ; transduction labs , bd biosciences pharmingen , san diego , california , united states ) , anti-phospho p44/p42 ( 1:1 ,000 , cell signaling technology , beverly , massachusetts , united states ) , and anti-total p44/p42 ( 1:1 ,000 ; cell signaling technology ) .	method
proteins were detected	method
using hrp-conjugated secondary antibodies ( santa cruz biotechnology ) with ecl western blot detection reagents ( amersham biosciences ) .	method
anti-mouse wnt5a antibody was generated by	method
cloning a 167-base pair fragment corresponding to bases 757 to 924 of the complementary dna of mwnt5a into the pgex4t-1 vector .	method
purified mwnt5a-gst fusion protein was then injected into a rabbit following standard procedures ( josman laboratories ) .	method
the final bleed was subsequently affinity purified .	method

full-length mouse tiam1 ( fl1591 ) and the nh2-terminally truncated c1199 and c580 tiam1 constructs ( nomenclature refers to the number of cooh-terminal amino acids [ aa ] of the encoded tiam1 proteins ) contain artificial spei and sali restriction sites in front of the first atg and a hemagglutinin tag ( ha-tag ) , followed by a sali restriction site , at their 3 ' ends .	method
they were cloned as spei-sali fragments into the eukaryotic expression vector putsv1 ( eurogentec s.a. , belgium ) ,	method
which was linearized by speixhoi .	method
c1199-deltaphc carries a small internal psti ( aa 1377 ) to bsmi ( aa 1390 ) deletion in the conserved cooh-terminal part of the dh-adjacent ph domain .	method
c1199-deltadh1 carries a bamhi ( aa 1103 ) to xbai ( aa 1130 ) deletion in a nonconserved part of the dh domain .	fact
c1199-deltadhr carries a large noti ( aa 853 ) to asp718 ( aa 905 ) deletion in the dhr region that	fact
eliminates most of the dhr region .	fact
c1199-deltaphn carries a small internal asp700 ( aa 513 ) to eari ( aa 528 ) deletion in the conserved cooh-terminal part of the nh2-terminal ph domain , which	fact
is quite similar to the deletion made in the cooh-terminal ph domain ( c1199-deltaphc ) .	fact
overhangs were blunted by either klenow end filling reactions ( boehringer mannheim corp. , indianapolis , in ) or with t4 dna polymerase ( boehringer mannheim corp. ) before ligation .	method
the myristoylation sequence of c-src ,	method
encoding the nh2-terminal 20 amino acids , was amplified with speisali adaptors by pcr with pfu polymerase ( stratagene , la jolla , ca ) and cloned between the spei and sali sites at the 5 ' ends of the fl1591-deltaphn , c1191-deltaphn , and c580 tiam1 constructs .	method
fragments containing the coohterminal ph domain of tiam1 , the ph domain of dbl , or the ph domain of beta-ark were amplified by pcr with smai and pvuii adapters and used	method
to replace the region containing the nh2-terminal ph domain of tiam1 in the c1199 construct .	method
the exchanged regions contain 17 additional aa at the nh2-terminal end and 36 additional aa ( 33 aa for beta-ark ) at the coohterminal end , in comparison to the consensus ph domain ( gibson et al. , 1994 ) .	fact
to analyze whether the nh2-terminal ph domain is sufficient for membrane targeting	goal
a region containing the nh2-terminal ph domain , from sali ( aa 393 ) to bstx1 ( aa 647 ) , was fused to the bsu36i site ( aa 1022 ) at the nh2 terminus of the c580 tiam1 protein .	method
all amplified fragments were sequenced with the t7 polymerase sequencing kit ( pharmacia lkb biotechnology inc. , uppsala , sweden ) .	method

irak and irak-2 are homologous to pelle , a drosophila protein kinase identified genetically	fact
to be important in dorsal-ventral pattern formation and in pathogen resistance ( 22 , 23 ) .	fact
pelle is essential for the activation of dorsal , an nf-kappab-like protein	fact
which is mediated by toll , an il-1 receptor homologue in drosophila ( 24 ) .	fact
the rapid il-1-dependent association of irak and irak-2 with the il-1 receptor complex and their homology to pelle suggest	fact
that irak and/or irak-2 may serve important functions in initiating il-1 signaling .	implication
however , the roles of irak and irak-2 in activation of the multiple downstream il-1 signaling pathways have not previously been determined .	problem
to dissect the role of irak in il-1 signaling pathways	goal
we disrupted the irak gene by homologous recombination and prepared irak-deficient fibroblasts .	method
il-1-induced activation of jnk , p38 , and transcription factor nf-kappab , and subsequent induction of il-6 was analyzed in irak-deficient cells .	method

western blots were performed following common procedures .	method
proteins were resolved on sds-page , transferred onto a pvdf membrane , blocked , and probed with the corresponding antibody in the same blocking buffer ( 1 % bsa , 1 % [ vol/vol ] goat serum , 0.1 % tween , in pbs ) .	method
the following dilutions were used for the primary antibodies : 1:3 ,000 for 4g10 and anti-ptp-pest ; 1:10 ,000 for antipaxillin ; 1:1 ,000 for antivinculin , anti-p130cas , anticortactin , and the hrp-conjugated py20 ; 1:100 for anti-fak .	method
secondary antibodies were used at 1:10 ,000 .	method
the renaissance ( tm ) chemiluminescence kit ( new england nuclear life science products ) was used for detection .	method

the molecular details of host response to f. tularensis infection are not clearly understood .	problem
both innate and adaptive immune responses provide protection against this infection .	fact
early protection against f. tularensis is dependent upon the production of ifngamma , tnf-alpha , and il-12 ,	fact
all of which are produced within a day after infection [ 7,9,31,32 ] .	fact
to date , regulatory mechanisms controlling the production of pro-inflammatory molecules have not been established .	problem
ship is a critical regulator of hematopoietic cell functions ;	fact
hence we have investigated the role of ship in f. novicida-induced inflammatory response .	goal
our data indicate	implication
that ship is a negative regulator of francisella-induced il-12 , il-6 , and rantes production by bmms .	implication

immunoprecipitation of camkkbeta .	method
haec lysates ( 100 mug ) were added to 0.5 mug mouse anti-camkkbeta antibody and mixed overnight at 4 degreesc .	method
protein g-sepharose ( 20 mul of 25 % slurry ) was added	method
the volume adjusted to 300 mul with lysis buffer and mixed for 4 h at 4 degreesc .	method
the mixture was centrifuged ( 14,000g , 30 s , 4 degreesc )	method
and the pellet was washed three times in lysis buffer .	method

note added in proof .	none
while this work was under revision , two related papers have been published :	none
melander f , bekker-jensen s , falck j , bartek j , mailand n , lukas j ( 2008 ) phosphorylation of sdt repeats in the mdc1 n terminus triggers retention of nbs1 at the dna damage-modified chromatin .	none
j cell biol 181 : 213-226 ; spycher c , miller es , townsend k , pavic l , morrice na , janscak p , stewart gs , stucki m ( 2008 ) constitutive phosphorylation of mdc1 physically links	none
the mre11-rad50-nbs1 complex to damaged chromatin .	none
j cell biol 181 : 227-240 .	none

according to a recently proposed hypothesis , initiation of signal transduction via immunoreceptors depends on interactions of the engaged immunoreceptor with glycosphingolipid-enriched membrane microdomains ( gems ) .	hypothesis
in this study , we describe a novel gem-associated transmembrane adaptor protein , termed phosphoprotein associated with gems ( pag ) .	method
pag comprises a short extracellular domain of 16 amino acids and a 397-amino acid cytoplasmic tail containing ten tyrosine residues	fact
that are likely phosphorylated by src family kinases .	fact
in lymphoid cell lines and in resting peripheral blood alpha/beta t cells , pag is expressed as a constitutively tyrosine-phosphorylated protein and binds the major negative regulator of src kinases , the tyrosine kinase csk .	fact
after activation of peripheral blood alpha/beta t cells , pag becomes rapidly dephosphorylated and dissociates from csk .	fact
expression of pag in cos cells results in recruitment of endogenous csk , altered src kinase activity , and impaired phosphorylation of src-specific substrates .	result
moreover , overexpression of pag in jurkat cells downregulates t cell receptor-mediated activation of the transcription factor nuclear factor of activated t cells .	result
these findings collectively suggest	implication
that in the absence of external stimuli , the pag-csk complex transmits negative regulatory signals and thus may help to keep resting t cells in a quiescent state .	implication

additional signaling functions of peli1 are also implicated by the interaction of peli proteins with irak family members , particularly irak1 and irak4 12 .	hypothesis
whether iraks are involved in the signaling function of peli1 in the tlr3 signaling pathway remains to be investigated .	problem
however , this possibility is low ,	hypothesis
as iraks do not seem to have a critical role in trif-dependent tlr signaling , despite their critical participation in the myd88-dependent tlr and il-1r signaling pathways 40-42 .	hypothesis
it is more likely	hypothesis
that iraks modulate the function of peli1 in myd88-dependent tlr and il-1r pathways .	hypothesis
as discussed above	hypothesis
this function of peli1 might be masked by its functional redundancy with other peli members or traf6 .	hypothesis
generation of mouse models deficient in different peli proteins is important for	goal
addressing this question .	goal
notwithstanding , our current work establishes	implication
peli1 is an e3 ubiquitin ligase that is specifically required for trif-induced rip1 ubiquitination and ikk activation .	implication

ptp-pest may also play a role in the regulation of the cell cytoskeleton	hypothesis
this time via the cleavage furrow-associated protein pstpip .	hypothesis
pstpip was originally identified as a binding partner and a substrate for the phosphatase ptp-hscf ( spencer et al. , 1997 ) , a pest tyrosine phosphatase .	result
ptp-hscf dephosphorylates tyrosine residues in pstpip	fact
that are modified either by coexpression of the v-src tyrosine kinase or in the presence of the unspecific ptp inhibitor pervanadate .	fact
one of these sites , within the sh3 domain of pstpip , was shown	result
to regulate binding with the proline-rich region found on wasp ( wu et al. , 1998 ) , and to control aspects of the actin cytoskeleton .	result

second ,	method
to test whether pi3k influences f. novicida-induced activation of nfkappab , transfected cells were treated with ly294002 , or an inhibitor of nfkappab sn50 , and expression of luciferase enzyme in response to f. novicida infection was measured .	method
the results are shown in figure 6b .	result
inhibition of pi3k with ly294002 significantly decreased expression of the nfkappab-driven reporter gene in response to f. novicida infection ( p < 0.0001 ) ,	result
suggesting that the activation of pi3k pathway is necessary for induction of nfkappab activation .	implication

efs cultured in a 35-mm culture dish ( 2 x 105 cells ) were transfected with 2 mug of a reporter plasmid	method
comprising three repeats of the nf-kappab site upstream of a minimal thymidine kinase promoter and a luciferase gene in the pgl-2 vector ( promega ) , together with 2 mug of beta-actin promoter-driven beta-galactosidase expression plasmid .	method
transfected cells were incubated in the presence of recombinant human tnf ( 100 u/ml ) or agonistic anti-ltbetar mab ac.h6 for 8 h .	method
after 24 h , the cells were harvested in pbs and lysed in a luciferase lysis buffer , lc-beta ( piccagene ) .	method
luciferase assays were performed with a luminometer ( lumat lb 9507 ; berthold ) .	method
activity was normalized to beta-galactosidase activity , and	method
data were expressed as the fold activation compared with stimulation by control anti-klh hamster mab ha4/8 .	method

to investigate whether the sdtd motifs might interact with other ddr components , we generated a synthetic peptide	goal
that corresponded to mdc1 residues 325-340 bearing dual phosphorylation on ser 329 and thr 331 .	method
this peptide and its unphosphorylated equivalent were coupled to beads and used	method
to retrieve interacting proteins from hela cell nuclear extracts .	method
this approach identified four prominent protein bands on a silver-stained gel	result
that bound in a phosphorylation-dependent manner ( fig 1b ) .	result
mass spectrometric analysis identified three of these as mre11 , rad50 and nbs1 .	result
we noted	result
that control binding assays with the gammah2ax phospho-peptide retrieved mrn and mdc1 from nuclear extracts , whereas the phosphorylated sdtd peptide bound mrn only ( fig 1c ) .	result
this indicates	implication
that the phosphorylated mdc1 sdtd peptide does not interact with mrn indirectly by bridging contacts with mdc1 .	implication

these results show	implication
that different phosphorylation sites show different phosphorylation dynamics after stimulation , reflecting distinct temporal roles in signaling .	implication
interestingly , these differences in phosphorylation dynamics correlate with the interaction partners identified for each of these sites .	result
the autophosphorylation sites at y1110 and y1197 display rapid phosphorylation with a maximum after 4 min	result
and they have the same set of interaction partners ( grb2 and shc ) .	result
the novel phosphorylation site at y998 is increasingly phosphorylated over 15 min , and interacts with stat5 , ptp-2c , shc , crk , and the phosphotyrosine kinase src or csk ( cole et al , 2003 ) ,	result
which could not be distinguished based on the observed tryptic peptides .	result
crk was immunoprecipitated with egfr in a phosphorylation-dependent manner ( figure 5b ) .	result
in contrast , the phosphorylation sites at y801 and y869 showed distinct phosphorylation kinetics , but had no interaction partner in our assay .	result

in order to understand the mechanism by which trf2 inhibited atm	goal
we determined whether they interacted in vivo .	method
ips of the atm kinase from primary human imr90 fibroblasts resulted in recovery of a small fraction ( approximately 1 % ) of endogenous trf2 ( figure 4a ) .	result
this association was accentuated	result
when trf2 was overexpressed from a retroviral vector .	result
trf2 was not recovered in anti-atm immunoprecipitates from a-t cells even when trf2 was overexpressed ( figure 4a ) ,	result
demonstrating that the recovery of trf2 is dependent on the presence of functional atm .	implication
the co-ip of trf2 with atm from imr90 cells was resistant to the addition of ethidium bromide ( data not shown ) ,	result
arguing that dna tethering is not responsible for the association .	implication
a control ip with antibodies to the cycd1/cdk4/cdk6 kinase complex did not precipitate trf2 , and	result
an irrelevant nuclear protein ( nova1 ) , overexpressed in parallel in imr90 cells , was not recovered in the atm ip ( figure 4a ) .	result
the association of trf2 with atm was not dependent on the presence of dna damage ,	result
since neither ir nor uv treatment enhanced the recovery of trf2 in atm ips ( data not shown ) .	result

our studies show	implication
that different receptors in the erbb family clearly differ in their preferred interaction partners , indicating distinct roles in signaling .	implication
furthermore , modification-dependent interaction does not occur at random , but rather requires characteristic motifs for specific classes of proteins	implication
to interact .	implication
novel motifs were found for shc and stat5 binding .	result
importantly , we have shown	implication
that the peptide-protein interaction screen can be performed in a large-scale fashion and that it is indeed a suitable method to obtain a broad picture of shared and distinct interaction partners of a whole protein family .	implication
in the future , with further improvements in mass spectrometric performance , streamlining and automation , the screen can be applied	method
system-wide to essentially all signaling proteins and their substrates .	method

yeast cells were grown on 0.3 % sd medium to late log phase and subsequently for 15 h in ynod ( 0.1 % dextrose , 0.1 % oleic acid , 0.05 % tween 40 , 0.1 % yeast extract , and 0.67 % yeast nitrogen base ) .	method
cells were washed with dh2o and	method
1 g was used per sedimentation .	method
3 ml of buffer a ( 50 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 50 mm nacl ) , protease inhibitors ( 0.02 % pmsf [ serva ] , 15 mug/ml bestatin , 1.5 mug/ml pepstatin , 1 mug/ml leupeptin , 0.1 mug/ ml chymostatin [ boehringer mannheim ] , 0.21 mg/ml naf ) , and 3 g glass beads ( 0.5 mm ) were added to the cells .	method
breakage was achieved by	method
vortexing for 4 min ( 8 x 30 s , with breaks > =30 s on ice ; lamb et al. , 1994 ) .	result
samples were filtered through cotton wool , and	method
the filtrate was transferred to corex tubes and centrifuged at 1,000 g for 30 min .	method
supernatants were normalized for protein and volume , and	method
membranes were sedimented at 200,000 g for 30 min ( sorvall ah650 , 40,850 rpm ) through a cushion of 0.25 m sucrose in buffer a. the resulting pellet was resuspended in buffer a plus protease inhibitors corresponding to the volume of the supernatant .	method
aliquots of the samples were analyzed by sds-page .	method

prior transfection studies performed using a cell line model suggest	implication
that peli1 facilitates il-1r signaling 34 .	implication
however , it is unknown	hypothesis
whether peli1 is required for il-1r signaling under physiological conditions .	hypothesis
to address this question , we examined the effect of peli1 deficiency on il-1r-mediated pro-inflammatory gene induction in primary mefs	method
a cell type that efficiently responds to il-1beta stimulation .	method
in peli1+/+ mefs , il-1beta stimulated the expression of tnf and il6 ,	result
although it did not induce appreciable expression of il-12p40 ( fig. 5a and data not shown ) .	result
il-1beta also induced expression of cxcl10 , the gene encoding ip-10 , in peli1+/+ mefs .	result
however , loss of peli1 did not affect il-1beta-stimulated expression of tnf , il6 or cxcl10 ( fig. 5a ) .	result
to further examine the role of peli1 in il-1r signaling	goal
we employed an in vivo gene induction model .	method
when injected into peli1+/+ mice , il-1beta stimulated production of high concentrations of il-6 ( fig. 5b ) ,	result
although it did not induce detectable quantities of tnf ( data not shown ) .	result
consistent with the in vitro results	result
peli1 was completely dispensable for il-1beta-induced il-6 production in vivo ( fig. 5b ) .	result

fig. 3 , c and e demonstrate	result
that isotype-specific depletion of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta yields the same results as expression of dn mutants of these isotypes .	result
in agreement with the results obtained with the dn pkc-alpha mutant , pkc-alpha antisense did not affect the ras-mediated alterations of f-actin organization ( fig. 3 g ) .	result
neither cpkc-alpha nor apkc-lambda/-zeta sense constructs did affect the ras-mediated disassembly of f-actin fibers ( data not shown ) .	result

the peptide-protein interaction screen integrates well with the broader goals of phosphoproteomics .	method
while we have performed a systematic screen of all potential py sites in this study	method
bioinformatic predictions of phosphorylation sites or experimentally verified sites could have been taken as a basis for bait selection .	method
the identification of signal-dependent phosphorylation sites is thus a major experimental goal in the characterization of	method
signaling networks .	method
the peptide interaction screen then allows	method
one to directly identify possible binding partners to these identified phosphopeptides with high confidence .	method

in this study we have expressed trf2 at high levels throughout the nucleus ,	result
whereas endogenous trf2 is localized primarily to telomeres ( van steensel et al. 1998 ) .	result
our estimates suggest	implication
that trf2 is extremely abundant at telomeres .	implication
human cells contain on the order of 1 million copies of trf2 ( x.-d .	fact
zhu and t. de lange , unpublished data ) , sufficient to position thousands of trf2 molecules at each chromosome end .	fact
this number is consistent with the presence of thousands of trf2-binding sites per telomere and the oligomerization potential of the protein .	fact
thus , for every atm kinase	implication
that could be activated at a chromosome end , there is a vast molar excess of its potential inhibitor , trf2 .	implication
since trf2 is specifically lodged at telomeres and remains there when dna damage is induced , it is unlikely	fact
to interfere with activation of the atm kinase at sites of dna damage elsewhere in the genome .	hypothesis
hence , trf2 could act as a telomere-specific inhibitor of atm .	hypothesis

apart from their effects on the cytoskeleton , both cdc42 and rac1 can activate the c-jun nh2-terminal kinase ( jnk ) 1 pathway , while	fact
all three rho-like gtpases activate serum response factor ( coso et al. , 1995 ; hill et al. , 1995 ; minden et al. , 1995 ; olson et al. , 1995 ) .	fact
rho-like proteins thus may also play a role in transcriptional activation of genes .	implication
moreover , both rac1 and rhoa are involved in the transformation of cells by ras ( khosravi-far et al. , 1995 ; qiu et al. , 1995a , b ) , and	fact
constitutively active mutants of rac1 ( v12rac1 ) and rhoa ( v14rhoa ) can induce an oncogenic phenotype in nih3t3 cells ( perona et al. , 1993 ; qiu et al. , 1995a ; van leeuwen et al. , 1995 ) .	fact

full-length , wild-type ptp-pest was inserted in a vector containing a selectable zeocin resistance marker , pcdna3.1/zeo	method
( + ) ( invitrogen corp. ) .	method
subconfluent ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells were transfected with this recombinant vector using lipofectamine plus ( gibco brl ) .	method
cells were first cultured in dme plus 10 % serum for 48 h before selection with 25 mug/ml of zeocin ( invitrogen corp. ) .	method
zeocin-resistant clones were isolated and screened for expression of ptp-pest by immunoblot analysis	method
as described below .	method

antithiolase ( fox3p ; erdmann and kunau , 1994 ) , anti-pcs60p ( blobel and erdmann , 1996 ) , anti-pex3p ( hohfeld et al. , 1991 ) , anti-pex5p ( albertini et al. , 1997 ) , anti-pex14p ( albertini et al. , 1997 ) , anti-pex17p ( huhse et al. , 1998 ) , and anti-fructose 1,6 bisphosphatase ( anti-fbp1p ; bigl and escherich , 1994 ) have been described previously .	method
anti-rabbit or anti-mouse igg-coupled hrp ( nycomed amersham ) was used as a secondary antibody	method
and blots were developed using the ecl-system ( nycomed amersham ) .	method
western blot analyses were performed according to standard protocols ( harlow and lane , 1988 ) .	method

g0-arrested or serum-stimulated ccl39 cells were fixed at -20degreesc for 10 min with methanol/acetone ( 70:30 , vol/vol ) without previous pbs wash .	method
after	method
a 10-min rehydration at 25degreesc in pbs containing 10 % fcs ( pbs/ fcs ) , fixed cells were then incubated with the r2 antibody from upstate biotechnologies , inc. , for 60 min at 25degreesc in pbs/fcs ( dilution 1:2 ,000 ) .	method
cells were then washed five times with pbs and incubated in pbs/fcs for 60 min at 25degreesc with texas red-conjugated anti-rabbit antibody ( 1:500 ) .	method
finally , cells were washed five times with pbs , mounted under glass coverslides with citifluor media , and examined under epifluorescent illumination with excitation-emission filters for texas red .	method
to control for specificity ,	goal
( a ) the same results were obtained when cells were fixed with 1 % paraformaldehyde in methanol at -20degreesc for 15 min or with 4 % paraformaldehyde in pbs at 20degreesc for 15 min followed by permeabilization with 0.2 % triton x-100 in pbs for 5 min at 20degreesc ( data not shown ) , and ( b ) incubation with secondary antibody alone did not reveal any significant fluorescent signal ( data not shown ) .	method
r2 antibodies raised against the last 35 amino acids of rat erk1 are in fact very specific for p44 mapk .	fact
this was resolved by	method
using mouse embryo fibroblasts lacking erk1 that we have obtained in our laboratory .	method
with these cells , we showed	result
that p42 mapk translocation and retention in the nucleus follow the same features as those of p44 mapk .	result
therefore , we invariably denote translocation of p42/p44 mapk all along this manuscript .	result

it is also not yet clear	problem
which src family kinases are regulated by the pag-associated csk .	problem
in t cells , the two major candidates are fyn and lck .	hypothesis
lck has been implicated as the major ptk in immunoreceptor-mediated phosphorylation of itams present in the cytoplasmic domains of the tcr-associated cd3 complex and the zeta chains .	fact
our experiments so far did not address directly the question	problem
whether lck is the target of pag function in t lymphocytes .	problem
however , overexpression of pag in jurkat t cells resulted in an ~50 % downregulation of tcr-mediated induction of the transcriptional activity of nf-at ( fig. 8 c ) , which is presumably mediated mainly via lck	result
this might indicate that pag at least partially downregulates lck-mediated signaling pathways in vivo .	hypothesis

expression of transforming ha-ras l61 in nih3t3 cells causes profound morphological alterations	fact
which include a disassembly of actin stress fibers .	fact
the ras-induced dissolution of actin stress fibers is blocked by the specific pkc inhibitor gf109203x at concentrations	fact
which inhibit the activity of the atypical apkc isotypes lambda and zeta , whereas lower concentrations of the inhibitor which block conventional and novel pkc isotypes are ineffective .	fact
coexpression of	result
transforming ha-ras l61 with kinase-defective , dominant-negative ( dn ) mutants of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta , as well as antisense constructs encoding rna-directed against isotype-specific 5 ' sequences of the corresponding mrna , abrogates the ha-ras-induced reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton .	result
expression of a kinase-defective , dn mutant of cpkc-alpha was unable	result
to counteract ras with regard to the dissolution of actin stress fibers .	result
transfection of cells with constructs encoding constitutively active ( ca ) mutants of atypical apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta lead to a disassembly of stress fibers independent of oncogenic ha-ras .	result
coexpression of ( dn ) rac-1 n17 and addition of the phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase ( pi3k ) inhibitors wortmannin and ly294002 are in agreement with a tentative model	result
suggesting that , in the signaling pathway from ha-ras to the cytoskeleton apkc-lambda acts upstream of pi3k and rac-1 , whereas apkc-zeta functions downstream of pi3k and rac-1 .	implication

the 293 cells plated onto glass chamber slides ( nalge nunc international , rochester , new york , united states ) were loaded with 1 mum fura-2 am ( molecular probes , eugene , oregon , united states ) for 20 min prior to imaging .	method
the cells were washed and then	method
imaging was carried out on a previously described microscope system [ 61 ] .	method
for time-lapse experiments , image pairs were collected at 340 - and 380-nm excitation wavelength ( 510-nm emission ) at 15-s intervals for 15 min following the addition of wnt5a protein ( 500 ng/ml ) .	method
following wnt protein incubation , cells were treated with ionomycin ( 1 mum ) and immediately imaged for an additional 5 min .	method
the ratio image , a pixel-by-pixel match of both excitation wavelengths , was calculated by computer software	method
and the sequence of ratio images was processed .	method
microscope control , data acquisition , and image analysis were performed in metamorph ( universal imaging , molecular dynamics , sunnyvale , california , united states ) .	method

ca	result
mutants of rac1 and rhoa enhance the transforming activity of ras including the oncogene-induced morphological alterations ( khosravi-far et al. , 1995 ) .the biological meaning of the reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton by transforming ras as well as the role of rhoa in ras transformed cells are not quite clear .	result
as outlined above , activation of rhoa is required for transformation by ras and	result
expression of a ca mutant of rhoa enhances the transforming activity of ras ( khosravi-far et al. , 1995 ) .	result
the fact , however , that oncogenic ras causes a disassembly of actin stress fibers	fact
whereas ca rhoa promotes stress fiber formation indicates that oncogenic ras somehow deregulates the normal rho-mediated effects on the cytoskeleton .	implication
in ras-transformed cells , the activation of rho has been shown	result
to be required for a suppression of p21waf1/kip which is upregulated in cells expressing oncogenic ras ( olson et al. , 1998 ) , thus indicating that rho exerts other functions besides regulation of the actin cytoskeleton .	result
this notion is supported by findings indicating that rhoa can mediate several distinct effector pathways and that transformation by rhoa and the ability to remodel the cytoskeleton are , to some extent , independent , e.g.	implication
transformation was found to correlate with rho-associated kinase binding rather than stress fiber formation ( sahai et al. , 1998 ) .	result
thus , the ras-mediated disassembly of actin stress fibers is not necessarily in conflict with the postulated activation of rhoa in ras-transformed cells .	hypothesis
furthermore , expression of the rho family member rnd3/ rhoe has been shown	result
to result in a phenotype which strikingly resembles the phenotypic alterations caused by oncogenic ras , i.e. , cell rounding , loss of stress fibers , and decreased cell adhesion ( nobes et al. , 1998 ) .	result
recent results suggest	implication
that rhoe may act to inhibit signaling downstream of rhoa , by altering some rhoa-regulated responses , such as stress fiber formation , whereas other rhoa-mediated effects remain unaffected ( guasch et al. , 1998 ) .	implication

the fact	fact
that ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells still divide and grow at rates comparable to other cells suggests the presence of other mechanisms involved in cell division .	implication
isolation and characterization of cytokinesis-deficient mutants in dictyostelium discoideum , a highly motile organism	fact
that undergoes cell cleavage much like higher eukaryotes , provided examples of cell division occurring with impaired cytokinesis ( vithalani et al. , 1996 ) .	fact
in particular , a mutation in the myosin gene	fact
that prevents the protein assembly in thick filaments resulted in organisms clearly defective in the contractile events involved in cytokinesis ( fukui et al. , 1990 ) .	fact
another mutant , called 10bh2 , also had a complete defect in cytokinesis ( vithalani et al. , 1996 ) .	result
however , both mutants , which showed cell division defects when grown in suspension , were able to divide	result
when plated on solid substratum by pinching off a portion of their cytoplasm in a process known as traction-mediated cytofission ( fukui et al. , 1990 ) .	result
it is possible	hypothesis
that the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells in part rely on this event to normally grow , even if the defect in chemokinesis observed in the wound-healing assay could impair the required migration .	hypothesis
interestingly , another d. discoideum mutant , in the single gene encoding calmodulin , formed and constricted a contractile cleavage furrow ring	result
but the midbody linking the daughter cells failed to completely close ( liu et al. , 1992 ) .	result
the resultant population contained	result
cells resembling cells observed in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) population .	result
this cytoplasmic bridge could be broken by shear forces when the cells were grown in suspension cultures	hypothesis
and the cells could multiply normally .	hypothesis
this suggests	hypothesis
that cells in this state require little force to successfully complete division , and could explain the fact that the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells can still divide .	hypothesis

transcriptional regulation of an rna polymerase ii driven gene is governed by a particular set of gene-specific dna-reactive transcription regulatory factors and their associating transcriptional cofactors .	fact
moreover , general transcription factors such as tfiid ( transcription factor iid ) and tfiia are assembled at a promoter region	fact
to conduct transcriptional initiation [ 1-3 ] , which is enhanced by gene-specific transcription regulatory factors through functional interaction .	fact

in this study , we clearly identified stat5 as a direct interaction partner to egfr ( y978 and y998 ) and erbb4 ( y984 ) .	result
it was previously shown	result
that src-phosphorylated tyrosine residue y869 is essential for activation of stat5b , but does not mediate the interaction itself ( kloth et al , 2003 ) .	result
egf stimulation and subsequent phosphorylation of egfr at tyrosine y978 , y998 and y869 ( see figure 6b ) would then lead to recruitment and activation of stat5 ,	result
which subsequently activates transcription .	result
our finding that erbb4 also has a binding site for stat5 is consistent with the observation	result
that dimerization of erbb2 and erbb4 lead to activation of stat5b ( olayioye et al , 1999 ) and that erbb4 signaling is required for stat5 activation during lactation ( jones et al , 1999 ) .	result
this is a further example showing	implication
that signaling through egfr and erbb4 can activate similar downstream processes in response to their different ligands .	implication

remarkably , neither the e320k mutation of the sh3 domain of pex13p nor the mutation of the proline-rich motif of pex14p prevented the peroxisomal localization of pex14p ( fig. 9 ) .	result
this observation suggests	implication
that the binding of pex14p to the sh3 domain of pex13p is not absolutely required for the targeting and binding of pex14p to peroxisomes .	implication
why then does the absence of pex13p lead to the mistargeting of pex14p ( fig. 7 ) ?	problem
one possibility is	hypothesis
that pex13p is a component of a protein complex at the peroxisomal membrane that may disintegrate in the absence of the entire protein , but remains stable without the sh3-dependent interaction between pex13p and pex14p .	hypothesis
association of pex14p with the complex may not require a direct interaction with pex13p , but may be mediated by other components of the complex .	hypothesis
the simplest explanation for our observations on the pex13p/pex14p interaction is the existence of an as yet unrecognized binding partner for pex13p	implication
that may also provide the binding site for pex14p at the peroxisomal membrane .	hypothesis
this missing link , however , is not pex17p .	implication
it is true that pex17p is another binding partner of pex14p , but	fact
our data suggest that pex17p is not required for association of the pex13p/ pex14p/pex5p/pex7p complex , as all these components can efficiently coprecipitate in the absence of pex17p ( fig. 3 ) .	implication
moreover , we found no pex17p in a precipitate from pex14delta cells	result
that still contains pex13p and pex7p ( fig. 3 ) , leading to two conclusions .	result
first ,	none
a subcomplex of pex13p and pex7p can form in the absence of pex14p and pex17p , and second , pex14p is required for the association of pex17p with the complex .	implication
the latter may be explained by the assumption	implication
that pex17p is bound to the complex via pex14p .	implication

the data presented so far suggest	implication
that ras mediates the effects on the cytoskeleton via a pathway containing apkc-lambda-rac-1 and apkc-zeta .	implication
if this model is correct , ras should activate apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta	hypothesis
whereas rac should be able to stimulate apkc-zeta .	hypothesis
unfortunately , this question could not be addressed in nih3t3 cells due to the low transfection efficiencies in this cell type .	hypothesis
therefore , these studies were performed with cos cells .	method
as shown in fig. 7 a	result
cotransfection of cos cells with plasmids encoding ras l61 and 6x his-tagged apkc-lambda leads to a significant activation of the kinase activity of apkc-lambda .	result
coexpression of ras l61 and apkc-zeta results in a marked stimulation of apkc-zeta	result
as demonstrated in fig. 7 b. furthermore , cotransfection of a plasmid encoding ca v12rac with a construct encoding apkc-zeta also revealed an activation of apkc-zeta by rac ( fig. 7 c ) .	result
surprisingly , v12rac in addition to apkc-zeta also activated apkc-lambda ( data not shown ) .	result
however , this finding is not in conflict with data or models presented so far .	result
possible interpretations for this effect will be presented in the discussion .	none
our conclusion that ras activates apkc-zeta by a rac-1-dependent mechanism is supported by the fact	implication
that expression of dn n17rac blocks ras-mediated stimulation of apkc-zeta ( fig. 7 d ) .	result
n17rac does not inhibit ras-mediated activation of pkc-lambda ( data not shown ) .	result

pex13p is an integral peroxisomal membrane protein and	fact
the cytosolic orientation of the cooh-terminal sh3 domain was shown previously in human fibroblasts ( elgersma et al. , 1996 ) and pichia pastoris ( gould et al. , 1996 ) .	fact
however , the cooh-terminal sh3 domain alone is not sufficient	problem
to interact with pex7p , suggesting that regions nh2-terminal to the sh3 domain are involved in this association .	problem
to address whether the nh2 terminus of pex13p is localized to the lumen of peroxisomes or to the cytosol	goal
we analyzed the accessibility of an nh2-terminally myc-tagged pex13p to exogenously added protease k .	method
the tag has been shown previously	result
not to affect the function of pex13p ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) .	result
thus , the topology of the myc-tagged pex13p is likely	hypothesis
to reflect the in vivo situation for the wild-type protein .	hypothesis
as judged by immunoblot analysis	result
both the nh2-terminal myc-tag as well as the sh3 domain of pex13p were rapidly degraded by the protease ( fig. 6 ) .	result
intraperoxisomal thiolase remained stable under these conditions and was only degraded in the presence of detergents ( data not shown ) .	result
from this data , we conclude	implication
that both the nh2 terminus and the cooh-terminal sh3 domain are exposed to the cytosol .	implication
this result also implicates the presence of an even number of transmembrane spans within pex13p .	implication

3-oxoacyl-coa thiolase ( ec 2.3.1.16 ) ,	none
catalase ( ec 1.11.1.6 ) ,	none
and fumarate hydratase ( fumarase : ec 4.2.1.2 ) were assayed according to published procedures ( moreno de la garza et al. , 1985 ; veenhuis et al. , 1987 ) .	method

we then examined whether the increased production of cytokine mediators by ship-/	hypothesis
macrophages is due to enhanced uptake of f. novicida .	hypothesis
the uptake of bacteria was determined by cfu assays	method
and the results are shown in figure 2g .	result
the uptake of f. novicida by ship+/+ and ship-/ - bmm was equivalent .	result
these findings are also supported by transmission electron microscopy ( tem ) analysis ( ship+/+ and ship-/ - macrophages ingested 2.95 and 3.2 bacteria/cell , respectively ) .	method

in the above-described figures , we showed	result
that tlp and tfiia potentiate the upstream promoter of the p21 gene and upregulate anti-mitotic p21 protein .	result
we then examined	method
how tlp and tfiia affect the growth profile .	goal
knockdown experiments demonstrated	result
that reduction of endogenous tlp resulted in elevated proliferation for both normal ( fig. 7a-a ) and p53-deficient cells ( fig. 7a-b ) .	result
however , the rate of proliferation acceleration caused by depression of tlp was much higher for wild-type cells than in p53-deficient cells .	result
moreover , overexpression of n37e exhibited a slight but significant growth-inhibitory effect compared with wild-type tlp ( fig. 7b ) .	result
knockdown of tfiia also resulted in acceleration of the cell proliferation rate ( fig. 7c ) .	result
we next examined the effects of tlp and tfiia on the profile of etoposide-triggered cell death by knockdown experiments ( fig. 7d )	result
and we found that both tlp ( fig. 7d-a ) and tfiia ( fig. 7d-b ) accelerated cell death rate in a dna-damaged condition .	result
since tlp and tfiia play a negative role in cell growth and since association of the two factors is implicated from the results shown in fig. 7b	result
these factors might modify the expression of growth - and apoptosis-related genes including p21 .	hypothesis

autophagy is strongly induced in the drosophila fat body in response to starvation	fact
and this is dependent upon downregulation of tor signaling .	fact
autophagy can be readily imaged in vivo	result
using markers such as gfp-atg8 and lysotracker 41 .	result
we found	result
that overexpression of draga q61l strongly inhibited starvation-induced punctate lysotracker and gfp-atg8a staining ( fig. 7a-d ) in response to starvation in drosophila .	result
this observation indicates	implication
that active draga suppresses the nutrient starvation response , suggesting that high draga activity may generate false signals mimicking nutrient sufficiency , thereby suppressing autophagy .	implication

supplementary table 1	none

within mrn , only nbs1 contains phosphorylation-specific interaction domains :	fact
an n-terminal fha domain followed directly by a brct2 domain ( durocher et al , 2000 ; manke et al , 2003 ; yu et al , 2003 ; becker et al , 2006 ) .	fact
to investigate whether these domains bind to the phosphorylated sdtd motif of mdc1 , we expressed an n-terminal fragment of nbs1 containing these motifs ( residues 1-343 ; ha-fnbs1 ) in rabbit reticulocyte lysates ( despite many attempts	method
using a wide range of expression constructs , we were unable to express soluble recombinant versions of the fha or fha/brct2 domains of nbs1 in bacteria ) .	method
we also generated versions of this nbs1 region	method
in which either the fha domain ( fnbs1r28a and fnbs1h45a ) or the brct2 region ( fnbs1k160m ) was mutated to abolish phospho-dependent interactions .	method
these proteins were then tested for binding to an mdc1 fragment	method
encompassing the sdtd repeats ( gst-sdtd6 ) that had or had not been treated with ck2 ( fig 3b ) .	method
significantly , the wild-type nbs1 fragment bound specifically to ck2-phosphorylated -- but not unphosphorylated -- gst-sdtd6 ,	result
whereas this binding was abolished by mutation of the fha or brct2 domain of nbs1 ( fig 3b ) .	result
furthermore , ck2-phosphorylated gst-sdtd2 retrieved	result
nbs1 and rad50 from both mrc5 - and nbs1-complemented nijmegen breakage syndrome ( nbs ) cell extracts , but did not mediate such interactions when the fha domain mutant of nbs1 was expressed in nbs cells ( fig 3c ; see supplementary fig s2 online for expression levels ) .	result
taken together , these results indicate	implication
that the integrity of both the fha and brct2 domains of nbs1 is needed for binding of nbs1 to the phosphorylated sdtd region of mdc1 .	implication

stress fibers reappear	result
after treatment of the apkc-lambda a119e - or apkc-zeta a119e-expressing cells with the pkc inhibitor gf109203x demonstrating that the alterations of the actin cytoskeleton in cells expressing the constitutively active versions of these atypical pkc isotypes are indeed caused by a pkc activity ( fig. 5 , c and e ) .	result

s. cerevisiae strains used in this study are listed in	method
table i .	none
yeast complete ( ypd ) and minimal media ( sd ) have been described previously ( erdmann et al. , 1989 ) .	result
yno medium contained 0.1 % oleic acid , 0.05 % tween 40 , 0.1 % yeast extract , and 0.67 % yeast nitrogen base without amino acids , adjusted to ph 6.0 .	method
when necessary	method
auxotrophic requirements were added according to ausubel et al. ( 1992 ) .	method
for induction of the cup1 promoter cuso4 was added according to marzioch et al. ( 1994 ) .	method

amino acids are critical activators of torc1	fact
however the mechanism of amino acid signaling is largely unresolved .	problem
although vps34 was proposed to mediate nutrient signals to tor20 , 21	hypothesis
we recently found that drosophila with vps34 null mutations have normal tor activity45 .	result
vps34 knockdown had no effect on ds6k phosphorylation ( data not shown ) .	result
in this report , we have identified rag gtpases as important novel activators of torc1 pathway in response to amino acids both in drosophila and in mammals .	result
knockdown of draga or dragc dramatically decreased ds6k phosphorylation in response to amino acid stimulation .	result
overexpression of constitutively active draga q61l increased cell size in fat body and wings , especially in starved drosophila .	result
expression of dominant negative draga t16n decreased	result
cell size and this effect was stronger when nutrients were sufficient .	result
furthermore , draga q61l expression and dragc mutation suppressed starvation-induced autophagy and the lethality of tsc1 mutant animals , respectively .	result
in mammalian cells , overexpression of constitutively active raga activated torc1 even in the absence of amino acids , and expression of dominant negative raga blocked torc1 activation in response to amino acid stimulation .	result
the relationship between rag and amino acids is rather specific	implication
because constituvely active raga could not overcome osmotic stress .	result

whole-mount immunohistochemistry for the detection of pp was performed as described 21 .	method
in brief , 2 % paraformaldehyde ( ph 7.4 ) -fixed intestines from 18.5 days postcoitus ( d.p.c. ) embryos were incubated with mab against vcam-1 ( pharmingen ) and then with horseradish peroxidase ( hrp ) -conjugated anti-rat ig ( tago immunologicals ) .	method
color development for bound hrp was done with diaminobenzidine .	method

the results presented above demonstrate	implication
that the sole activation of the p42/p44 mapk signaling module is sufficient to promote the nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk .	implication
in addition , the nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk correlates well with the degree of activation of the p42/p44 mapk pathway .	implication
as long	result
as p42/p44 mapk activity remains elevated , such as with long-term deltaraf-1 : er stimulation , p42/p44 mapk remains in the nucleus .	result
on the contrary ,	result
if activation of the p42/p44 mapk pathway decreases to unstimulated levels , as with long term serum stimulation , p42/p44 mapk returns to the cytoplasm .	result
we have shown previously	result
that serum removal was sufficient to induce the efflux of p42/p44 mapk from the nucleus within 1 h ( 27 ) , a result consistent with the present observation .	result

wnt5a 's inhibitory activity was also tested in another cell line , mouse l cells .	method
whereas wnt5a protein treatment in parental 293 cells robustly inhibits the wnt3a-mediated activation of the stf reporter	result
wnt5a treatment has little to no inhibitory affect in l cells ( figure 6b ) .	result
to assess whether this is due to reduced expression of mror2	goal
l cells were transfected with mror2 and then treated with wnt proteins .	method
as	result
shown in figure 6b , when mror2 is overexpressed , wnt5a protein potently inhibits the wnt3a-induced reporter activation in l cells .	result
again , mror2 expression has no inhibitory effect on wnt3a-stimulated reporter activation in the absence of wnt5a .	result
although wnt5a is able to activate the luciferase reporter in l cells stably expressing mfz4 and transiently transfected with lrp5	result
mror2 cotransfection effectively inhibits wnt5a 's canonical signaling ability ( figure 6b ) .	result

herein	method
we have investigated the role of ship in f. novicida-induced cytokine response in murine macrophages .	method
we report	implication
that ship negatively regulates the production of il-12 , il-6 , and rantes by f. novicida-infected macrophages .	implication
our current studies indicate	implication
that the production of these cytokines requires the activation of the pi3k pathway and involves nfkappab activation .	implication
these studies also demonstrate	implication
that f. novicida-induced pro-inflammatory cytokine production is negatively regulated by ship by opposing the pi3k pathway and nfkappab-driven transcriptional activation .	implication
thus , we conclude	implication
that ship is a regulator of macrophage innate immune responses to f. novicida infection .	implication

to counter the threat to the genome from dna-damaging agents	fact
cells use the dna damage response ( ddr ) : a set of events involving activation of dna repair mechanisms and cell-cycle ' checkpoint ' signalling ( kastan & bartek , 2004 ) .	fact
dna double-strand breaks ( dsbs ) -- the most cytotoxic dna lesions -- activate	fact
the protein kinase ataxia telangiectasia mutated ( atm ) to phosphorylate the carboxy-terminal tail of histone h2ax in the vicinity of the break ( stucki & jackson , 2006 ) .	fact
this chromatin modification is crucial for the relocalization of several proteins to sites flanking dsbs , generating	fact
ionizing radiation-induced foci ( irif ) that promote efficient repair and sustained dna damage signalling ( fernandez-capetillo et al , 2004 ; stucki & jackson , 2006 ) .	fact

alternatively , pag might also ( or even exclusively ) influence signals mediated via fyn .	hypothesis
a preferential interaction between fyn and pag has been suggested previously 33 and was also demonstrated in this study .	hypothesis
importantly , fyn has recently been implicated in	result
signaling processes induced by beta1 integrins in t lymphocytes .	result
thus , stimulation of alpha4beta1 integrins by mabs or natural ligand leads to rapid tyrosine phosphorylation of cytosolic proteins that have recently been reported to be selective substrates of fyn	result
e.g. , slap-130/fyb and src kinase-associated phosphoprotein homolog ; references 60 , 61 ) .	result
overexpression of at least one of these fyn-specific substrates ( slap-130 ) in t cells results in enhanced migration towards chemokines 61 .	result
thus , pag might also be involved in regulating cellular adhesion and/or migration by	hypothesis
altering the enzymatic activity of fyn .	hypothesis
further studies in pag-deficient cell lines and knockout mice will help	goal
to clarify this question .	goal

drosophila s2 cells ( invitrogen , carlsbad , ca ) were cultured in drosophila sfm ( invitrogen ) supplemented with l-glutamine ( 45ml of 200mm l-glutamine/500ml media ) in 27degreesc incubator .	method
hek293 cells and hela cells were cultured in dulbecco 's modified eagle 's medium ( dmem ) ( invitrogen , cat .	method
no. 12430 ) supplemented with 10 % fetal bovine serum ( fbs ) in 37degreesc humidified incubator under 5 % co2 .	method

preparation of cell lysates and ampk assay .	method
cells were preincubated for 2 h at 37 degreesc in 5 ml krebs ringer hepes ( krh ) buffer ( 119 mm nacl , 20 mm hepes , ph 7.4 , 5 mm nahco3 , 4.7 mm kcl , 1.3 mm cacl2 , 1.2 mm mgso4 , 1 mm kh2po4 , 0.1 mm l-arginine , 5 mm glucose ) .	method
after addition of test substances for various durations , lysates were prepared , ampk was immunoprecipitated and assayed	method
using the sams substrate peptide as described previously [ 9 ] .	method

7 x 108 raji cells were lysed in 6 ml of 1 % np-40 lysis buffer a ( 20 mm tris-hcl , ph 8.2 , 140 mm nacl , 1 % np-40 [ fluka ] , 5 mm iodoacetamide , 1 mm pefabloc [ 4- ( 2-aminoethyl ) -benzensulfonyl fluoride ; sigma-aldrich ] ) on ice for 30 min , then mixed 1:1 with ice-cold 80 % ( wt/vol ) sucrose diluted in lysis buffer a. six 5-ml ultracentrifugation tubes were filled with 2 ml of this suspension , followed with ice-cold 2.5 ml of 30 % sucrose and finally 0.5 ml of sucrose-free lysis buffer a. these tubes were centrifuged at 52,000 rpm in a sw55 swing-out rotor ( cca 250,000 g ; beckman coulter ) for 18 h at 4degreesc .	method
0.7-ml fractions were collected near the top , pooled , mixed with 6.3 ml of acetone , precipitated overnight at -20degreesc , and sedimented by a 15-min centrifugation at 15,000 g at 0degreesc .	method
the air-dried pellet was resuspended in 50 mul of 20 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 150 mm nacl , 1 % triton x-100 ( sigma-aldrich ) , briefly sonicated , and then subjected to two-dimensional gel electrophoresis 37 .	method
the wet gel was silver stained , and	method
the spot corresponding to pag ( as judged from a parallel phosphotyrosine blot ) was excised and subjected to sequencing .	method

because p130cas is known to translocate to focal adhesions when phosphorylated by the integrin pathway ( harte et al. , 1996 ) , and since ptp-pest and p130cas associate via an sh3 proline-rich domain interaction ( garton et al. , 1997 )	fact
we first verified if ptp-pest could translocate within a cell following integrin stimulation .	hypothesis
cos-1 cells were transfected with a ptp-pest construct tagged with the hemagglutinin antigen ( ha ) epitope ,	method
allowing visualization by indirect immunofluorescence ( fig. 1 ) .	method
untransfected cells showed no immunofluorescence staining ( fig. 1 b ) ,	result
demonstrating the absence of nonspecific staining with the 12ca5 antibody .	implication
in transfected cells ( fig. 1 d ) , ptp-pest localization was diffuse in the cytoplasm ,	result
as previously described ( charest et al. , 1995 ) .	result
when the cells were stimulated with 0.1 mug/ml of egf , no significant change in ptp-pest staining was observed ( fig. 1 f ) ,	result
although ptp-pest was shown previously to associate with the egf receptor via grb2 ( charest et al. , 1997 ) .	result
however , for a significant percentage of attached transfected cells plated on fibronectin-coated slides for 45 min , staining for the ha epitope showed a clear relocalization to the membrane periphery even with lower levels of protein expression ( fig. 1 g ) .	result
these results prove	implication
that , in cos-1 cells , ptp-pest can relocalize to the membrane periphery following integrin , but not egf receptor , stimulation .	implication

to determine whether wnt5a protein can inhibit wnt3a-mediated stf reporter activation in 293fz4 cells	goal
293 and 293fz4 cells were transiently transfected with the stf reporter and then treated with wnt proteins over the course of 24 h .	method
whereas wnt5a protein potently inhibits the stf reporter in parental 293 cells	result
wnt5a no longer inhibits wnt3a-induced reporter activation in 293fz4 cells ( figure 4c ) .	result
this effect was specific to mfz4 ,	result
as stable expression of mfz8 was not sufficient to abrogate wnt5a-mediated inhibition of stf reporter activation ( figure 4d ) .	result
additionally , wnt5a does not stabilize beta-catenin protein in the presence of mfz8 ( unpublished data ) .	result
thus , specifically in the context of mfz4 and lrp5 expression , wnt5a is unable	implication
to inhibit wnt3a-mediated beta-catenin signaling and instead induces beta-catenin accumulation and stf reporter activation .	implication

also , to follow our results showing that p130cas is constitutively hyperphosphorylated in ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells ( cote et al. , 1998 ) , we verified	result
if this hyperphosphorylation was decreased in the clone overexpressing wild-type ptp-pest used in fig. 2 e. p130cas was immunoprecipitated from lysates of ptp-pest ( +/- ) , ( -/- ) , and ( -/- ) overpressing ptp-pest .	result
the phosphorylation levels of p130cas in each cell line were then evaluated as for the focal adhesion proteins described above .	method
fig. 4 b shows	result
that the phosphorylation of p130cas is decreased to normal levels in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells overexpressing ptp-pest .	result
taken together , these data suggest	implication
that ptp-pest mediates the dephosphorylation of a specific subset of focal adhesion-associated proteins .	implication

wnt signaling controls a variety of adult and developmental processes , largely by	fact
modulating gene transcription [ 1 ] .	fact
the necessity of precise regulation to prevent the inappropriate activation of wnt signaling is underscored by the fact	hypothesis
that misregulation of several components of the canonical wnt signal transduction pathway leads to tumorigenesis [ 2 ] .	hypothesis
wnt signaling is also thought	hypothesis
to play a key role in controlling stem cell fate [ 3 ] .	hypothesis
thus , understanding the mechanisms	problem
that regulate wnt signaling is of critical importance .	problem

finally , inhibition of nfkappab , using the pharmacologic inhibitor sn50 , in murine bmms infected with f. novicida resulted in significant inhibition of il-12 ( p < 0.009 ) , il-6 ( p < 0.007 ) , and rantes ( p < 0.02 ) production ( figure 6c ) .	result
the western blots shown in figure 6d demonstrate	result
that although treatment of cells with the pi3k inhibitor completely abrogated downstream akt phosphorylation , akt phosphorylation was not influenced by the nfkappab inhibitor sn50 , indicating that sn50 inhibition has occurred downstream of akt .	result
collectively , these data provide evidence	implication
that pi3k influences f. novicida-induced macrophage pro-inflammatory response through its influence on nfkappab activation .	implication
of note , the activation of nfkappab is unaffected in macrophages pre-treated with cytochalasin d ,	implication
suggesting that internalization of f. novicida is not required ( figure 6e ) .	implication

taken together , these results show the specific implication of newly synthesized proteins in the process of nuclear retention of p42/p44 mapk and demonstrates	implication
that these nuclear anchor ( s ) , which retain mapks in the nucleus , are finely regulated by the proteasome system .	implication

tfiia activates rna polymerase ii promoters via interaction with various transcription factors .	fact
as is generally known	fact
tfiia indirectly associates with the tata-box promoter element via tbp [ 1-3,6 ] .	fact
li et al. [ 24 ] showed	result
that tfiid is recruited to the tata-box of the p21 downstream promoter and that p53 is associated indirectly with the tata-box via tfiid .	fact
indeed , abundant chromatin-bound tfiia was detected at the downstream promoter ( fig. 5b ) .	result
however , overexpressed tfiia enhanced the endogenous downstream promoter only slightly ( fig. 3b ) .	result
on the other hand , the upstream promoter was significantly activated by tfiia ( ~3.0-fold ) ( fig. 3a-a ) .	result
moreover , results shown in fig. 3c and	result
maybe fig. 5c suggest that the upstream promoter requires a high concentration of intracellular tfiia for its maximal activity .	implication
it has remained a question for a long time	problem
why tfiia is an essential factor for cell growth [ 32 ] , despite the fact that it works just as a cofactor .	problem
we speculate	hypothesis
that some essential tata-less genes need tfiia as well as tlp .	hypothesis
results shown in fig. 3a-b also demonstrate an additive effect between tfiia and tfiia-interactive tlp but not mutant ones ,	result
suggesting a functional interaction of these two factors for the upstream promoter .	implication
as already stated , the human p21 gene has two major promoters :	fact
a tata-less upstream promoter and a tata-containing downstream promoter [ 23,24 ] .	fact
although the mechanism by which tfiia exhibits different responses to the two promoters of the p21 gene is not fully understood	problem
the tata-box element seems to be one of the determinants .	hypothesis
existence of multiple promoters of the p21 gene might have an advantage	hypothesis
to maximize the level of gene expression , which is governed by different sets of transcription factors , when cells are exposed to different kinds of stimuli and stresses .	hypothesis

cells were seeded on microscope coverslips and irradiated with 4 gy of gamma-irradiation	method
as described above .	method
cells were incubated in growth medium containing 1 mug/ml colcemid for 16 h .	method
cells were fixed , and	method
phosphorylated histone h3 was detected by indirect immunofluorescence using a phosphospecific antibody ( 6g3 monoclonal ; cell signaling technology , beverly , massachusetts , united states ) .	method
cells in mitosis were counted and expressed as a percentage of total cell number .	method

supplementary information is available at embo reports online ( http : //www.emboreports.org ) .	none

we next tested	hypothesis
whether wnt5a could activate the stf reporter in 293fz4 cells .	hypothesis
neither wnt5a protein treatment at high doses nor transfection of wnt5a dna into cells expressing mfz4 could activate the stf reporter .	result
however , as	result
shown in figure 4b , when lrp5 is coexpressed with mfz4 , wnt5a protein is able to activate the luciferase reporter .	result
thus , wnt5a can activate tcf/beta-catenin signaling given the expression of the appropriate receptors .	implication
interestingly , wnt5a is unable	result
to activate the stf reporter in 293fz4 cells transiently transfected with lrp6 , indicating the specificity of the wnt5a/fz4/lrp5 signaling complex ( unpublished data ) .	result

it is now apparent	result
that camkkbeta can act as an alternate upstream kinase to lkb1 that activates ampk in a ca2+-dependent and amp-independent manner [ 11-13 ] .	result
a recent report indicates	result
that camkk mediates thrombin-stimulated ampk activation in huvecs , but that ampk does not underlie thrombin-stimulated enos ser1177 phosphorylation [ 21 ] .	result
as vegf is known to stimulate plcgamma-mediated increases in intracellular ca2+ [ 3,22 ] and vegf-stimulated ampk activity is inhibited by the plc inhibitor u73122 ( fig. 2a )	fact
we examined whether vegf-stimulated ampk activity was mediated by camkk activation by using the camkk inhibitor , sto-609 .	method
preincubation of haecs with sto-609 reduced vegf-stimulated ampk activity to basal levels ( fig. 2a ) , without	result
altering aicar-stimulated ampk activity , which is mediated by lkb1 ( data not shown ) .	result
vegf-stimulated ampk thr172 phosphorylation was similarly reduced to basal levels after preincubation with sto-609 ( fig. 2b ) .	result
sto-609 inhibits both camkkalpha and camkkbeta , yet	fact
the expression of these isoforms in endothelial cells has not previously been determined .	hypothesis
using isoform-specific anti-camkk antibodies	method
we demonstrated expression of both camkkalpha and camkkbeta in haecs ( fig. 2c ) .	method
these data indicate	implication
that vegf stimulates camkk via plc-mediated ca2+ mobilisation , and that camkk , rather than lkb1 is the upstream kinase responsible for ampk activation in response to vegf in endothelial cells .	implication

standard readouts for the activity of various wnt family members include an increase in the level of the beta-catenin protein and the activation of reporter genes , in particular , the topflash reporter	fact
that contains tcf binding sites upstream of a luciferase transgene .	fact
we found	result
that when transiently transfected into 293 cells , the supertopflash ( stf ) luciferase reporter variant [ 30 ] is robustly activated in response to wnt3a treatment and exhibits dose-dependency .	result
as shown in figure1b , wnt3a protein treatment induces a 100-fold increase in reporter activation and a linear dose response	result
when the concentration is lowered .	result
in accordance with other groups , we observe that wnt5a protein by itself does not lead to the activation of the stf reporter in 293 cells	result
nor does it alter levels of beta-catenin protein ( figures 1c and 2a ) [ 16 , 31 ] .	result
based on reports from ishitani et al. and others [ 14 , 17 , 32 , 33 ] , we then tested	hypothesis
whether the addition of wnt5a protein could inhibit wnt3a-induced reporter activity .	hypothesis
using a concentration of wnt3a protein within the linear range of reporter activation ( 50 ng/ml )	method
wnt5a protein was added to cells concomitantly with wnt3a .	method
as shown in figure 1c	result
wnt5a elicits a dose-responsive decrease in wnt3a-mediated reporter activation .	result

with regard to the effects of the pkc inhibitor gf109203x , it may appear surprising	problem
that concentrations of the inhibitor which , in vitro , reduce the activity of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta to ~50 % cause an almost complete reversal of the ras-mediated disassembly of f-actin stress fibers .	problem
it should be emphasized , however ,	problem
that neither the biological activators nor the intracellular substrates of atypical pkc isozymes have been sufficiently identified .	problem
thus ,	hypothesis
the reaction mixtures used for the determination of the enzyme activity of the two kinases certainly differ from the in vivo conditions and this may affect the sensitivity to the inhibitor .	hypothesis
furthermore , both apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta are affected by the inhibitor to about the same extent , i.e. , ~50 % .	result
since both enzymes are required for the ras-mediated restructuring of actin cytoskeleton	hypothesis
the simultaneous inhibition of both enzymes may result in an additive effect .	hypothesis
finally , the intracellular concentration of the inhibitor is not known .	problem
it is possible , therefore ,	hypothesis
that locally higher concentrations than 6 mum have been achieved .	hypothesis

vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ) is an important regulator of endothelial cell function .	fact
vegf stimulates no production , proposed to be a result of phosphorylation and activation of endothelial no synthase ( enos ) at ser1177 .	hypothesis
phosphorylation of enos at this site also occurs after activation of amp-activated protein kinase ( ampk ) in cultured endothelial cells .	hypothesis
we therefore determined	goal
whether ampk mediates vegf-stimulated no synthesis in endothelial cells .	goal
vegf caused a rapid , dose-dependent stimulation of ampk activity , with a concomitant increase in phosphorylation of enos at ser1177 .	result
infection of endothelial cells with an adenovirus expressing a dominant negative mutant ampk partially inhibited both vegf-stimulated enos ser1177 phosphorylation and no production .	result
vegf-stimulated ampk activity was completely inhibited by the ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase inhibitor , sto-609 .	result
stimulation of ampk via ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase represents	result
a novel signalling mechanism utilised by vegf in endothelial cells that contributes to enos phosphorylation and no production .	implication

the observed in vivo association of pex7p with pex13p in cells lacking pex14p and pex5p encouraged	result
us to analyze the interaction of these proteins in more detail .	goal
in previous experiments , only fragments of pex13p were used to address whether pex13p binds to pex7p , and	method
so far they have not indicated an interaction between these two proteins ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) .	result
to revisit this possibility	goal
we analyzed the interaction of the full length pex13p with pex7p in the yeast two-hybrid system .	method
the results shown in fig. 4 a reveal	result
that the full length pex13p is indeed able to interact with the pts2-receptor pex7p .	result
the controls included show	result
that coexpression of either of the fusion proteins alone did not support transcription activation of the reporter genes .	result

previously , we have demonstrated	result
that the genetically engineered removal of eps8 from mouse fibroblasts led to the abrogation of the activation of the small gtpase rac by rtks and/or activated ras ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	result
biochemically , this effect was mirrored by the absence of rac-specific gef activity in extracts of eps8-null cells ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	result
sos-1 might be the gef involved ,	hypothesis
as witnessed by the observations that it forms a tricomplex with eps8 and the scaffolding protein e3b1 in vivo and that this tricomplex is endowed with rac-gef activity in vitro ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	result
a model was therefore proposed in	hypothesis
which sos-1 acted as a dual gef , involved in both ras and rac activation .	hypothesis
in this study , after showing that a s/e/e8 complex can exist under physiological conditions , we investigated the molecular mechanisms	goal
through which sos-1 coordinates the activation of these two small gtpases after rtk stimulation .	goal

( 140 kb pdf )	none

pag comprises a short 16-aa extracellular domain	fact
that likely lacks an external ligand .	fact
the cytoplasmic domain of pag contains a dicysteine motif ( cssc )	fact
that is located directly downstream of the transmembrane domain ( fig. 2 c ) and could serve as a site for palmitoylation , thus allowing targeting of pag to the gems 15 .	fact
indeed , in jurkat and raji cells , pag is expressed as a constitutively palmitoylated polypeptide ( fig. 6 c ) .	result
however , at present we do not know	problem
which of the two cysteines becomes palmitoylated , whether all pag molecules become targeted to the gems via palmitoylation , and whether palmitoylation of pag is essential for its function .	problem

to assess whether binding of csk to pag occurs after t cell activation ( which would indicate that the pag-csk complex serves to downregulate src family kinase activity after t cell activation ) or whether it rather precedes t cell activation ( which would indicate that this complex serves to downregulate src kinase activity in the absence of external stimuli )	goal
we examined the phosphorylation status of pag and its association with csk in nontransformed human t lymphocytes .	method
to this end , pag immunoprecipitates were prepared from resting or anti-cd3 plus anti-cd28-activated peripheral blood alpha/beta t cells and analyzed by anti-p-tyr western blotting .	method
as shown in fig. 9 b , the level of tyrosine phosphorylation of pag and its association with csk markedly decreased after activation ,	result
whereas its association with fyn remained essentially unchanged .	result
at the same time , moreover , the tyrosine phosphorylation of other polypeptides ( such as pp38 lat ) strongly increased ( fig. 9 a ) .	result
thus , activation of resting peripheral blood alpha/beta t lymphocytes via the tcr-cd3 complex results in dephosphorylation of pag and concomitant loss of its association with csk .	implication

for atm immunoblots in the atm s1981-p suppression assays :	method
40 mul of 293t cell lysate or atm immunoprecipitated from approximately 5 106 imr90 fibroblasts were run on 7.5 % precast polyacrylamide bio-rad ( hercules , california , unitedstates ) ready gels .	method
pvdf immobilontm transfer membrane ( millipore , billerica , massachusetts , united states ) was prepared for protein transfer according to the manufacturer 's instructions and the gel was transferred for 2 h at 90 v. membranes were preincubated in 10 % milk , 0.1 % tween-20 in pbs for 30 min at room temperature and subsequently incubated with primary antibodies : polyclonal rabbit atm s1981-p ( bakkenist and kastan 2003 ) and mouse monoclonal atm antibody mat3 ( gift from y. shiloh ) diluted in 0.1 % milk , 0.1 % tween-20 in pbs overnight at 4 degreesc followed by three 10 min washes .	method
membranes were incubated for 45 min with hrp-conjugated secondary antibodies , washed , and developed	method
using the ecl system ( amersham , little chalfort , united kingdom ) .	method
immunoblots of myc-tagged proteins ( using ab-1 ; oncogene research , cambridge , massachusetts , united states ) in the atm s1981-p suppression assays were performed as above ,	method
except that nitrocellulose ( schleicher and schuell , keene , new hampshire , united states ) filters were used .	method
for all other immunoblots , cells were trypsinized , washed once with pbs , and subsequently lysed in laemmli buffer at 104 cells/mul .	method
lysates ( 10 mul ) were separated on sds-polyacrylamide gels ( 29:1 acrylamide : bisacrylamide , 8 % for p53 , trf2 , and gamma-tubulin , 6 % for prb and hdm2 , 12 % for bax , p21 , and p16 ) and transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes ( schleicher and schuell ) for 60 min at 90 v ( bio-rad mini-protean ii cell ) .	method
membranes were preincubated in 10 % nonfat dry milk , 0.1 % tween-20 in pbs for 30 min and subsequently incubated with primary antibodies : p53 d01 ( santa cruz biotechnology , santa cruz , california , united states ) ; trf2 serum 647 ( zhu et al. 2000 ) ; prb # 554136 ( pharmingen , uppsalla , sweden ) ; hdm2 # 3f3 ( gift from , a. levine ) ; bax # sc-7480 ( santa cruz biotechnology ) ; p21 sc-7480 ( santa cruz biotechnology ) ; p16 # 15126e ( pharmingen ) ; gamma-tubulin gtu88 ( sigma ) ; nova1 ( luque et al. 1991 ) in 5 % dry milk , 0.1 % tween-20 in pbs overnight .	method
secondary antibody incubation and ecl were performed	method
as described above .	method
to quantify signals , band intensities were determined	goal
using an alphaimagertm 2200 using the spotdenso function of alphaeasefctm software version 3.1.2	method
( witec , littau , switzerland ) .	none

the protein fusion and purification system of new england biolabs was used for overexpression of a maltose-binding protein-sh3 domain fusion protein ( mbp-sh3 ) .	method
amino acids 286-386 of pex13p comprising the sh3 domain of pex13p were fused to the cooh terminus of the escherichia coli mbp ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) .	method
mbp-sh3 was expressed from pmal-sh3 in e. coli strain tg1 .	method
the expression was induced with 0.3 mm isopropyl-beta-d-thiogalactopyranoside ( iptg ) , and	method
affinity purification of the mbp-sh3 fusion protein on amylose resin was performed according to the manufacturer 's protocol .	method
polyclonal antibodies were raised against the fusion protein ( eurogentec ) .	method

a wide range of signals regulates the activity of target of rapamycin ( tor )	fact
to control cell growth .	fact
tor exists in two distinct complexes1 , 2 , torc1 and torc2 ,	fact
which share mtor and mlst8 and have each their unique subunits .	fact
torc1 is directly inhibited by rapamycin3 ,	fact
while torc2 is not4-6 .	fact
torc1 positively regulates cell growth and cell size by	fact
promoting anabolic processes such as protein synthesis1 , 7 and inhibiting catabolic processes such as autophagy8-10 .	fact
the s6-kinase and translation factor	fact
4ebp1 are phosphorylated upon torc1 activation to mediate tor-induced translational regulation11 , 12 and their phosphorylations have been used to assess tor activation in vivo	fact

the trif-dependent tlr3 signaling pathway activates ikkepsilon and tbk1 ,	fact
which mediate activation of irf3 and ifn-responsive genes .	fact
like the activation of ikk , the activation of ikkepsilon and tbk1also involves k63 ubiquitination .	fact
we showed that peli1 deficiency only had moderate effects on lps - and	result
( i : c ) -induced expression of type i ifns both in vivo and in vitro .	result
furthermore , peli1 was not required for tlr3-mediated activation of ikkepsilon .	result
consistent with our finding , traf3 has been implicated as the e3 ubiquitin ligase	implication
that mediates ikkepsilon and tbk1 activation 37 . our finding that peli1 regulates rip1 further suggests a specific function of peli1 in the ikk-nf-kappab signaling axis , as rip1 mediates activation of nf-kappab but not that of irf3 18 .	implication
when injected in vivo , poly ( i : c ) also induces a cytoplasmic prr signaling pathway	fact
involving the adaptors mda5 and ips-1 ( also known as mavs and cardif ) 38 , 39 .	fact
future studies will examine	goal
whether peli1 has a role in regulating the mda5-ips-1 signaling pathway .	hypothesis

nik was originally identified as a kinase	fact
that participates in an nf-kappab-inducing signaling cascade induced by tnf , cd95 , and il-1 6 .	fact
to assess the impact of nik mutation in tnf responsiveness , we treated efs from both wild-type and aly mice with human tnf ,	goal
which signals only through mouse tnfr-i 23 , and assessed nf-kappab activation by western blot analysis .	method
rapid ikappabalpha degradation concomitant with the appearance of phosphorylated ikappabalpha was observed with similar kinetics in efs from both wild-type and aly mice ( fig. 1 a ) .	result
30 min after stimulation with tnf , ikappabalpha started	result
to recover similarly in both wild-type and aly mice ( fig. 1 b ) .	result
ikappabbeta degradation in response to tnf was also indistinguishable between wild-type and aly mice ( data not shown ) .	result
we also tested tnf responsiveness by	method
titrating the tnf concentration between 0.1 and 100 u/ml .	method
in this range , tnf sensitivity assessed by ikappabalpha degradation , and	result
ikappabalpha phosphorylation was indistinguishable between wild-type and aly mice ( fig. 1 c ) .	result
using an nf-kappab-binding oligonucleotide probe in an electrophoretic mobility shift assay ( emsa )	method
we also observed a very similar level of nf-kappab activation between wild-type and aly mice in tnf-stimulated efs or tnf-stimulated thymocytes ( data not shown ) .	result
furthermore , il-1 and il-6 production from tnf-stimulated efs was indistinguishable between wild-type and aly mice ( data not shown ) .	result
these results demonstrate	implication
that nf-kappab activation through tnfr-i is not affected by the nik mutation .	implication

to assess the role the mror2 transmembrane domain plays in mediating the wnt5a signal , we created a mror2 construct	goal
that contains the endogenous extracellular and transmembrane domains of the protein but lacks the cytoplasmic domain ( ror2-tm ) .	method
we find	result
that similar to the mror2-gpi construct , expression of ror2-tm was sufficient to inhibit wild-type mror2 's ability to enhance wnt5a signaling ( figure 6e ) .	result
unlike the mror2-gpi construct , however , the mror2-tm construct did not reduce wnt5a 's ability	result
to inhibit wnt3a-induced stf reporter activation when transfected into 293 cells alone .	result
western blot analysis indicates	result
that wild-type mror2 expression is unaffected by cotransfection with mror2-gpi or mror2-tm , further strengthening the idea that these constructs serve as dominant negative variants of mror2 .	result
these data taken together suggest	implication
that mror2 does not simply present wnt5a to another receptor but rather that wnt5a binding initiates ror2-induced cytoplasmic signaling events .	implication

to assess whether pag is identical to the gem - and fyn-associated pp80 and to the major leukocyte tyrosine-phosphorylated 80-kd polypeptide	goal
gems were immunoprecipitated from raji cells using cd59 mab and subjected to in vitro kinase assay followed by reprecipitation using anti-pag mabs .	method
as demonstrated in fig. 3 a	result
pp80 was selectively reprecipitated from the mixture of in vitro-phosphorylated gem proteins .	result
similarly , a polyclonal mouse anti-pag ab reprecipitated pp80-85 from an in vitro-labeled fyn immunoprecipitate prepared from resting human t lymphocytes ( fig. 3 b ) .	result
finally , anti-pag immunosorbent specifically removed the tyrosine-phosphorylated 75-80-kd protein from lysates of peripheral blood t cells ( fig. 3 c ) .	result
thus , pag is identical to gem/fyn-associated pp80-85 and to the leukocyte tyrosine-phosphorylated pp80 .	implication

toll-like receptors ( tlrs ) play a pivotal role in innate immunity and inflammation .	fact
here we showed	result
that genetic deficiency of peli1 , an e3 ubiquitin ligase , attenuates induction of proinflammatory cytokines by ligands of tlr3 and tlr4 and renders mice resistant to septic shock .	result
peli1 was required for tlr3-induced activation of ikappab kinase ( ikk ) and its downstream target transcription factor nf-kappab , but was dispensable for ikk-nf-kappab activation induced by several other tlrs and the interleukin-1 receptor .	result
notably , peli1 bound to and ubiquitinated rip1 , a signaling molecule that mediates ikk activation induced by the tlr3 and tlr4 adaptor trif .	result
these findings suggest	implication
that peli1 is a ubiquitin ligase needed for transmission of trif-dependent tlr signals .	implication

48 h after transfection , cells were fixed for 1 h on the dish with a mixture of 4 % paraformaldehyde and 0.5 % glutaraldehyde in 0.1 m phosphate buffer .	method
fixed cells were scraped with a rubber policeman , washed , embedded in 10 % gelatin , and infiltrated overnight with 1 m sucrose .	method
after a further infiltration ( 2 h ) with 1.8 m sucrose with 20 % polyvinylpyrolidone , the samples were frozen in liquid nitrogen .	method
frozen thin sections were collected on formvar/carbon-coated grids , preincubated with 0.15 % glycine in pbs , followed by immunoincubations with antibodies for 45 min at 25degreesc .	method
subsequently , the sections were incubated with 10-nm gold-labeled secondary antibodies for 30 min at 25degreesc .	method
antibody dilutions were made in phosphate buffer with 1 % bsa and	method
sections were washed in the same buffer , before and in between the incubation steps .	method
finally , sections were embedded and stained with 1.5 % methylcellulose containing 0.3 % uranyl acetate and examined in an electron microscope ( model cm10 ; philips electronic instrs. , mahwah , nj ) .	method
where appropriate	method
the distribution of immunogold particles in at least 40 cross sections of cells was analyzed .	method

desthiobiotinylated peptides were synthesized on a solid-phase peptide synthesizer using amide resin ( intavis , germany ) .	method
peptides were designed as 15-mers	method
bearing an n-terminal biotin , the tetrapeptide linker sgsg ( ward et al , 1996 ) .	method
the identity and purity of the synthesized peptides was confirmed by mass spectrometric analysis .	method
peptides were synthesized as pairs in an ' active ' and ' control ' form .	method
for affinity pull-downs , 50 nmol of immobilized peptide was added to an average of 2 mg of cell lysate .	method

like lps , the tlr3 ligand poly ( i : c ) also induces lethality in mice through a tnf-dependent mechanism27 .	result
we thus examined the effect of peli1 deficiency on the lethality induced by poly ( i : c ) .	method
compared to lps , poly ( i : c ) was relatively inefficient in	result
inducing lethality .	result
nevertheless , at a high dose ( 0.5 mug/g body weight ) , poly ( i : c ) induced death of most of the peli1+/+ mice within 8 hours but none of the peli1-/ - mice at this early time point ( fig. 1b ) .	result
even at late times , only 1 out of 6 peli1-/ - mice died .	result

the gtpase family proteins are involved in almost every aspects of cellular signaling .	fact
we hypothesized	hypothesis
that amino acid signaling to torc1 may involve a gtpase ( s ) .	hypothesis
we performed	method
a rna interference ( rnai ) screen of 132 annotated drosophila gtpases using drosophila s2 cells and looking for the gtpases whose silencing prevents amino acid-induced phosphorylation and mobility shift of ds6k in s2 cells ( fig. 1a ) .	method
cg11968 and cg8707 were identified as important for ds6k phosphorylation in response to amino acids ( fig. 1a ) .	result
sequence comparison analyses show	result
that cg11968 is most closely homologous to the yeast gtr1 and mammalian raga and ragb , while cg8707 is homologous to the yeast gtr2 and mammalian ragc and ragd and therefore named them draga and dragc , respectively ( fig. 1a ) .	result
consistent with results in yeast and mammalian cells	result
these proteins were previously found to interact in large scale two hybrid screens30 .	result
knockdown of many other gtpases , such as the rho family members , had no effect on ds6k phosphorylation ( fig. 1a ) .	result

pi3k has been shown	result
to be implicated in the ras-induced reorganization of actin cytoskeleton ( rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 ) .	result
in agreement with these findings , treatment of ras-expressing cells with the pi3k inhibitors wortmannin or ly294002 counteracts the effects of ras on the actin cytoskeleton ( fig. 8 ) .	result
both inhibitors also antagonize the disassembly of actin stress fibers induced by constitutively active apkc-lambda a119e ,	result
whereas the cytoskeletal reorganization mediated by the apkc-zeta a119e mutant was not affected ( fig. 9 ) .	result
these data suggest that apkc-lambda acts upstream of pi3k whereas apkc-zeta functions either downstream or independent of pi3k .	implication
a quantitative evaluation of the effects of the pi3k inhibitors is presented in fig. 4 b and fig. 10 .	result

telomeres prevent	fact
the recognition of natural chromosome ends as double-stranded breaks ( dsbs ) .	fact
when telomeres become dysfunctional due to shortening or loss of protective factors , chromosome ends activate	fact
a dna damage response mediated ( in part ) by the atm kinase ( karlseder et al. 1999 ; takai et al. 2003 ) .	fact
a major challenge in telomere biology is	problem
to define the mechanism by which functional telomeres prevent these events .	problem
here we show	implication
that the human telomere-associated protein trf2 is an inhibitor of the atm kinase , suggesting a mechanism by which the telomeric protein complex prevents the activation of this dna damage response transducer .	implication

rho-like gtpases , which include cdc42 , rac1 , and rhoa , control distinct signal transduction pathways	fact
that determine the organization of the actin cytoskeleton in response to various extracellular stimuli .	fact
in fibroblast cells , activation of cdc42 and rac results in the formation of focal complexes and filopodia or lamellipodia , respectively ,	fact
while rho is involved in the formation of stress fibers and focal contacts ( ridley and hall , 1992 ; ridley et al. , 1992 ; kozma et al. , 1995 ; nobes and hall , 1995a ) .	fact
each of these gtpases can be activated by specific growth factors , and	fact
they may also constitute a hierarchical signaling cascade ( kozma et al. , 1995 ; nobes and hall , 1995a ) .	fact
the resulting cytoskeletal rearrangements influence both adhesion and motility of cells ,	fact
implicating rholike gtpases as key regulators of these processes ( nobes and hall , 1995b ) .	fact

recognition of pts1 and pts2 targeting signals is performed by the pts specific import receptors , pex5p and pex7p , respectively	fact
for review see subramani , 1996 ; erdmann et al. , 1997 ) .	none
cells deficient in either protein display partial import deficiencies .	fact
pex5delta cells correctly localize pts2 proteins , but are deficient in the targeting of pts1 proteins .	fact
pex7delta cells exhibit the reverse phenotype	fact
for review see elgersma and tabak , 1996 ) .	fact
the intracellular localization of both targeting signal receptors is still a matter of debate .	problem
a predominantly cytosolic , membrane-bound , and even intraperoxisomal localization have been reported for both receptors	result
for review see rachubinski and subramani , 1995 ) .	result

we then asked	hypothesis
whether trf2 overexpression inhibited other atm-dependent readouts of the dna damage response .	hypothesis
atm phosphorylates and stabilizes p53 in response to dna damage ( reviewed in kastan and lim 2000 ) .	fact
quantitative immunoblotting showed	result
that cells overexpressing trf2 had a diminished ability to induce p53 after irradiation ( figures 2a and 2b ) .	result
both the relative level of p53 protein and the induction of its downstream targets p21 , bax , and hdm2 were dampened .	result
by contrast , the p16/rb pathway was not affected by trf2 ( figure 2a ) .	result
we also examined the phosphorylation of nbs1 on s343 , a target of atm	method
gatei et al. 2000 ; lim et al. 2000 ; wu et al. 2000 ; zhao et al. 2000 ) .	none
phosphorylation of this residue causes a change in electrophoretic mobility shift and can also be detected	result
using an antibody specific for the phosphorylated form of nbs1 .	result
extracts from irradiated control cells showed the previously reported retardation of nbs1 and its reactivity with the s343-p-specific nbs1 antibody ( figure 2c ) .	result
both alterations could be reversed by phosphatase treatment of the nbs1 immunoprecipitations ( ips ) .	result
in contrast , irradiation did not appear	result
to induce phosphorylation of nbs1 in cells overexpressing trf2 , indicating that trf2 diminished the atm-dependent phosphorylation of nbs1 ( figure 2c ) .	result

we next examined	goal
whether peli1 physically associates with rip1 .	goal
when coexpressed in 293 cells , peli1 and rip1 indeed formed a stable complex	result
that was readily detected by coimmunoprecipitation assays ( fig. 6b ) .	result
peli1 also interacted with endogenous rip1 ( fig. 6c ) .	result
peli1-rip1 binding seemed to be further enhanced by expression of trif , and	result
peli1 seemed to enhance the association between trif and endogenous rip1 ( fig. 6c ) .	result
these enhanced physical interaction activities were not due to increases in the expression of rip1 , trif , or peli1 ( fig. 6c ) .	result
as peli1 was essential for poly ( i : c ) -stimulated rip1 ubiquitination	fact
we examined whether peli1 was able to induce rip1 ubiquitination .	method
indeed ,	result
when coexpressed with peli1 , rip1 became potently ubiquitinated ( fig. 6d , e ) .	result
moreover , the peli1-mediated rip1 ubiquitination was further enhanced by trif ( fig. 6d ) .	result
peli1-mediated rip1 ubiquitination required the ring domain of peli1 ,	implication
since the ubiquitination of rip1 was not induced by peli1 mutants harboring ring deletion ( deltar ) or point mutations ( pm ) ( fig. 6f ) .	result
peli1-mediated rip1 ubiquitination appeared	result
to be direct , as peli1 also induced rip1 ubiquitination in a cell-free system ( fig. 6h ) .	result
these results suggest	implication
that peli1 is an e3 ubiquitin ligase that mediates rip1 ubiquitination in the trif-dependent tlr pathway .	implication

the cytoskeleton of the cell plays an important role in cell motility .	fact
we investigated	hypothesis
whether this observed migration impairment of homozygous ptp-pest mutant cells could be caused by an abnormal organization of the actin filaments , or by a visible difference in focal adhesions .	hypothesis
cells from each cell line were plated on fibronectin .	method
the actin filaments were stained with a rhodamine-conjugated phalloidin ( fig. 3 , a , c , e , and g ) , and	method
the focal adhesions were highlighted by indirect immunofluorescence using mouse mab against vinculin ( fig. 3 , b , d , f , and h ) . 25 min after plating , both cell lines showed membrane ruffles and filopodia ( fig. 3 , a and c ) , suggesting that the defect in migration was not caused by an incapacity to polymerize actin or to organize these structures .	result
large , immature focal adhesions were also found in each cell line ( fig. 3 , b and d ) ,	result
showing that the initial pathways forming these contacts were intact in ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells .	result

the disparities between previous reports and our current observations may be due to the fact	hypothesis
that in this study , the effects of wnt5a could be monitored immediately following wnt5a protein addition as opposed to several hours or cell divisions following cellular expression , thereby allowing us to separate early and late effects of wnt5a treatment .	hypothesis
activation of downstream transcriptional targets of wnt5a , such as siah-2 , may contribute to the overall wnt5a-mediated inhibition of wnt/beta-catenin	hypothesis
signaling subsequent to the initial signaling events that we observed [ 16 ] .	result
additionally , in the proposed wnt/ca 2+ signaling model , wnt5a-stimulated ca 2+ flux leading	result
to nlk activation is required for transcriptional inhibition [ 17 ] .	result
however , wnt1 has recently been shown	result
to inhibit beta-catenin-tcf-mediated transcription via activation of nlk , although wnt1 has never been shown to induce ca 2+ flux [ 33 ] .	result
thus , wnt5a may exert its inhibitory effects through the activation of nlk in a similar ca 2+-independent manner .	hypothesis
further experimentation into the mechanism	goal
by which wnt5a inhibits canonical signaling is therefore necessary and will be addressed in subsequent reports .	goal

it is unclear	hypothesis
whether trafs mediate all of the signaling activities of ltbetar .	hypothesis
in fact , mice deficient in traf2 , -3 , or -5 show ln development 2829 .	result
in support of the dispensable role of trafs in ltbetar signaling , recent mutational analyses of the cytoplasmic region of ltbetar have demonstrated a traf-independent mechanism of nf-kappab activation through ltbetar 30 .	result
consistent with this idea , traf-nik interaction in cos-7 cells	result
as assessed by immunoprecipitation was not affected by the aly mutation ( our unpublished observation ) , although the aly mutation resides in a putative traf-binding domain of nik 31 .	result
elucidation of the molecular mechanisms	problem
by which nik becomes activated after ltbetar stimulation will be critical for understanding the biological nature of ltbetar signaling .	problem

nih3t3 cells transiently transfected with the transforming ha-ras l61 oncogene exhibit dramatic morphological differences compared with their nontransfected counterparts .	result
normal nih3t3 fibroblasts are spreading on the extracellular matrix , appear flat	result
and exhibit bundles of actin stress fibers traversing the cell ( fig. 1 a ) .	result
cells expressing the ras oncogene are more spindle-shaped	result
exhibit frequently long protrusions , and are characteristically devoid of actin stress fibers ( fig. 1 b ) .	result
similar morphological effects of transforming ras have been described by other authors ( bar-sagi and feramisco , 1986 ; ridley and hall , 1992 ; prendergast and gibbs , 1993 ; dartsch et al. , 1994 ; rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 ) .	result

the transcription factor nuclear factor ( nf ) -kappab plays a pivotal role in the regulation of innate immunity , stress responses , inflammation , and the inhibition of apoptosis 12 .	fact
the activity of nf-kappab is tightly regulated by cytokines and other external stimuli .	fact
in most cell types , nf-kappab is present	fact
as a heterodimer comprising 50-kd ( p50 ) and 65-kd ( p65 ) subunits and is sequestered in the cytoplasm by a member of the inhibitor of kappab ( ikappab ) family of inhibitory proteins .	fact
nf-kappab activation requires the degradation of ikappab proteins , and	fact
the mechanisms of ikappab degradation and subsequent nf-kappab activation have been the subject of intense investigation 3 .	fact
those studies have revealed two important classes of kinase involved in this pathway :	fact
mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase ( map3k ) and its downstream target , ikappab kinase ( ikk ) 45 .	fact
nf-kappab-inducing kinase ( nik ) is structurally related to map3k and has been identified as a tnfr-associated factor ( traf ) 2-interacting protein 6 .	fact
on the basis of the finding	hypothesis
that kinase-inactive mutants of nik transfected into 293-ebna cells abolished nf-kappab activation in response to tnf or by cotransfection with type i tnf receptor ( tnfr-i ) , nik was considered to be involved in an nf-kappab-inducing signaling cascade induced by tnf 6 .	hypothesis
subsequently , nik was demonstrated	result
to phosphorylate ikkalpha and ikkbeta , which directly associate with ikappabalpha and specifically phosphorylate it on serines 32 and 36 45 .	result
these studies suggested	implication
that interaction of nik and ikk constitutes an essential step for nf-kappab activation .	implication
however , in vivo studies with mutant mice have thrown some doubt on the essential roles of nik and ikkalpha in nf-kappab activation , at least	problem
as induced by tnf .	problem
the alymphoplasia ( aly ) mouse is a natural strain with a mutated	fact
nik 7 . despite the nik mutation , upregulation of vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 ( vcam-1 ) after stimulation with tnf was present in aly mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( efs ) 8 .	result
it was also reported	result
that aly mice exhibited similar tnf-mediated endotoxin shock after generalized lps administration 7 .	result
these observations suggested	implication
that nik was not a critical element in the tnf signaling pathway to nf-kappab activation .	implication
the in vivo role of ikk in nf-kappab activation was also examined	method
using gene-targeted mice .	method
although tnf-induced nf-kappab activation was markedly reduced in ikkbeta-deficient efs 910	result
nf-kappab activation from ikkalpha-deficient efs was normal 1112 or diminished but still present 13 after stimulation with tnf .	result
surprisingly , mice deficient in ikkalpha showed perinatal death associated with limb and skin abnormalities ,	result
suggesting that ikkalpha plays an essential role in the regulation of gene expression required for the development of limb and skin rather than for tnf signaling 111213 .	implication
thus , the role of nik-ikkalpha in nf-kappab activation through tnfr signaling requires further investigation .	problem

the in vitro binding to recombinant purified nucleotide-free gst-cdc42 and gst-rac was performed as described ( fan et al. , 1998 ) .	method
briefly , rac1 and cdc42 , prepared as gst fusion proteins ( 20 mug ) and immobilized on glutathione-agarose beads ( ~1 mg protein/ml resin ) , were rendered free of nucleotide by incubation for 20 min at 23degreesc in nucleotide-depleting ( 20 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 20 mm nacl , 5 % glycerol , 1 mm dithiothreitol , 0.1 % triton x-100 ) supplemented with 10 mm edta .	method
clarified lysates were prepared from eps8-/ - or -/ - [ eps8myc ] cells in 20 mm tris-cl , ph 7.5 , 150 mm nacl , 1 % triton x-100 , 1.0 mm pmsf , 10 mug/ml aprotinin , and 10 mug/ml leupeptin .	method
after incubation with total cellular lysates for 3 h at 4degreesc , beads were washed extensively with nucleotide-depleting buffer .	method
bound sos-1 was determined by	method
immunoblotting with anti-sos-1 antibody .	method

in previous studies , we showed	result
that sos-1 , e3b1 , and eps8 could form a trimeric complex in vivo upon concomitant overexpression of the three proteins .	implication
however , we failed	result
to detect the existence of an endogenous s/e/e8 complex ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	result
we reasoned	hypothesis
that this could be due to the low efficiency of the immunoprecipitating antibodies used .	hypothesis
we thus sought	goal
to exploit the availability of eps8-/ - fibroblasts to circumvent this problem .	goal
to this end , we performed immunoprecipitation experiments using eps8-/ - fibroblasts	method
in which the expression of eps8 was restored , to physiological levels , with an expression vector encoding a myc epitope-tagged eps8 ( -/ - [ eps8myc ] cells ) .	method
we selected transfected clones	method
in which the levels of expression of eps8myc were very similar to those present in wild-type fibroblasts ( fig. 1 a ) .	result
endogenous sos-1 and e3b1 could be detected in anti-myc immunoprecipitates from lysates of eps8myc-reconstituted , but not from eps8-/ - fibroblasts ( fig. 1 b ) .	result

we next examined the relationship between rag and torc1 pathway components in further detail .	method
in mammalian cells , rapamycin treatment completely blocked raga q66l/ragc s75n induced s6k phosphorylation ( fig. 5a ) .	result
consistent with this , co-expression of an mtor kinase dead mutant ( mtor-kd ) also effectively inhibited raga q66l/ragc s75n induced s6k phosphorylation .	result
these results show that rag functions upstream of mtor .	implication
on the other hand , expression of tsc1/tsc2 partially inhibited the stimulatory effect of raga q66l/ragc s75n ( fig. 5b ) .	result
conversely , expression of raga q66l/ragc s75n partially reversed the inhibitory effect of tsc1/tsc2 .	result
to further investigate the relationship between rag and tsc	goal
we examined the endogenous proteins .	method
both raga and ragb genes are expressed in hela cells ( data not shown ) .	result
knockdown of both raga and ragb decreased s6k phosphorylation and also compromised the increase of s6k phosphorylation caused by tsc2 knockdown ( fig. 5c ) .	result
these results indicate	implication
that rag and tsc1/2 may function in parallel pathways to independently regulate mtorc1 activity .	implication

we have shown previously	result
that terminating mapk stimulation by rapid removal of serum growth factor induced the efflux of nuclear p42/p44 mapk to the cytoplasm within 1 h ( 27 ) .	result
in light of the experiments described in fig. 4 , which demonstrate that protein neosynthesis is required for the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk , we formulate the hypothesis	hypothesis
that the nuclear efflux induced by serum removal is caused by a decrease in the synthesis of proteins associated with p42/p44 mapk in the nucleus ( nuclear anchors ) .	hypothesis
therefore , we predict	hypothesis
that inhibition of protein synthesis should accelerate mapk efflux from the nucleus .	hypothesis

the possibility	hypothesis
that tyrosine phosphorylation is involved in furrow development and the signaling events coordinating nuclear division was reported by cool et al. ( 1992 ) .	hypothesis
their data show	result
that bhk cells overexpressing a truncated ptp , namely t cell ptp , become highly multinucleate , apparently through a failure in cytokinesis .	implication
this deletion mutant lacked the cooh-terminal extension responsible for its proper localization , and	result
the redistribution of the enzyme to the soluble fraction caused both a furrowing defect and an asynchronous entry into s phase of two nuclei within the same syncytial cell .	result

for immunoblotting , samples were resolved on sds-10 % polyacrylamide gels and transferred	method
to nitrocellulose .	method
the membranes were incubated for 1 h in blocking solution	method
1 % bsa , 3 % nonfat dry milk in tris-buffered saline containing 0.2 % tween-20 ) and then overnight at 4 degreesc with antibody in blocking solution .	method

in vitro activation of t cells was performed	method
using igm anti-cd3 mab mem-92 at 50 mug/ml or culture supernatants of anti-tcr mab c305 ( igm ; a gift from dr. a. weiss ) and anti-cd28 mab ( igm ; donated by dr. u. moebius , university of heidelberg , heidelberg , germany ) or pervanadate as described previously 384344 .	method
the src family kinase-specific inhibitor	method
pp1 ( calbiochem ; provided by dr. p. draber , institute of molecular genetics , prague , czech republic ; reference 45 ) was used at 10 mug/ml .	method
luciferase assays were performed essentially	method
as described previously 45 , with the exception that in addition to the cdna constructs coding for fyn , flag-tagged slp-76 ( 15 mug each ) and the nuclear factor of activated t cells ( nf-at ) -driven luciferase reporter gene ( 5 mug ) cells were transfected with 1 mug of a reporter gene coding for renilla luciferase ( whose activity is independent of the activation status of the cells ) .	method
luciferase activity was determined	method
using the dual-luciferase ( r ) assay kit from promega .	method
normalized luciferase units were determined by the following calculation :	method
( nf-at luciferase units/renilla luciferase units ) x 105 .	method

adenoviruses and infection of haecs .	none
control ( ad.null ) and recombinant adenovirus	method
expressing dominant negative ampk ( ad.alpha1dn ) were generous gifts from dr. f. foufelle , centre biomedical des cordeliers , paris .	method
viruses were propagated , purified , and stored	method
as described previously [ 9 ] .	method
haecs were infected with 25 pfu/cell adenovirus and cultured for 24 h prior to experimentation .	method
within 24 h of infection with a gfp-expressing virus , the majority ( > 95 % ) of haecs expressed	result
gfp as previously described [ 9 ] .	result

to further eliminate the possibility of nonspecific effect ( s ) of llnl	goal
treatment with lactacystin ( fig. 8 c ) mimics the action of llnl ( fig. 8 b ) .	result
llnl is a reversible and slow-binding inhibitor that blocks proteasome function and calpain proteases ( 46 ) ,	fact
whereas lactacystin , a compound shown to be a more specific proteasome inhibitor , alkylates irreversibly threonine 1 of the active beta subunit of the proteasome ( 11 , 13 ) .	fact

both nuclear factor ( nf ) -kappab-inducing kinase ( nik ) and inhibitor of kappab ( ikappab ) kinase ( ikk ) have been implicated as essential components for nf-kappab activation in response to many external stimuli .	fact
however , the exact roles of nik and ikkalpha in cytokine signaling still remain controversial .	problem
with the use of in vivo mouse models , rather than with enforced gene-expression systems , we have investigated the role of nik and ikkalpha in	method
signaling through the type i tumor necrosis factor ( tnf ) receptor ( tnfr-i ) and the lymphotoxin beta receptor ( ltbetar ) , a receptor essential for lymphoid organogenesis .	method
tnf stimulation induced similar levels of phosphorylation and degradation of ikappabalpha in embryonic fibroblasts from either wild-type or nik-mutant mice .	result
in contrast , ltbetar stimulation induced nf-kappab activation in wild-type mice , but	result
the response was impaired in embryonic fibroblasts from nik-mutant and ikkalpha-deficient mice .	result
consistent with the essential role of ikkalpha in ltbetar signaling , we found	result
that development of peyer 's patches was defective in ikkalpha-deficient mice .	result
these results demonstrate	implication
that both nik and ikkalpha are essential for the induction of nf-kappab through ltbetar , whereas the nik-ikkalpha pathway is dispensable in tnfr-i signaling .	implication

qiagen rneasy midi-kit ( valencia , california , united states ) was used with on-column dnase step	method
to prepare total rna from each cell line .	method
then 1 mug of total rna was converted to cdna	method
using random hexamer priming ( thermoscript rt-pcr system ; invitrogen ) .	method
quantitative real-time pcr analysis was performed in a roche lightcycler 2.0	method
using lightcycler faststart dna master plus sybr green i kit ( roche ) with 0.5 mul of prepared cdna and 0.5 mum forward and reverse primers per reaction .	method
the primers for real-time pcr were designed	method
using lightcycler probe design software 2.0 .	method
following 45 cycles of amplification , ror2 expression in each cell line was normalized	method
to hprt expression following primer efficiency analysis .	method
reactions were performed in triplicate at least two times .	method

the studies presented here demonstrate	implication
that in intact cells , ras is capable of activating apkc-lambda .	implication
furthermore , it is shown here	implication
that in addition to the stimulation of apkc-lambda , ras also enhances the kinase activity of apkc-zeta .	implication
the latter effect is suppressed in cells expressing dn n17rac .	implication
we conclude , therefore ,	implication
that ras activates apkc-zeta by a rac-1-dependent mechanism .	implication
this conclusion is supported by the finding	implication
that expression of constitutively active v12rac enhances the kinase activity of apkc-zeta .	implication
surprisingly , v12rac was also found	result
to be capable of activating apkc-lambda .	result
however , this observation is not in conflict with the other data presented in this paper , and does also not contradict a model suggesting that the effects of ras on actin cytoskeleton are mediated by a pathway comprising apkc-lambda-rac-apkc-zeta. the fact	implication
that in cos cells v12rac can activate apkc-lambda indicates that an activation of rac-1 by a ras-independent pathway , e.g. , via cdc 42 , may lead to a rac-mediated activation of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta .	implication
this is obviously in contrast to the pathway activated by oncogenic ras	implication
where apkc-lambda acts upstream and apkc-zeta downstream of rac as outlined above .	result
a conclusion which is also supported by the observation	result
that in cos cells dn n17rac does not interfere with ras-mediated activation of apkc-lambda .	result

ship has been shown	result
to influence hematopoietic cell functions through its inhibitory effect on the pi3k pathway as well as the mapk pathways [ 15 ] .	result
since previous studies and our current studies have demonstrated the activation of mapks in francisella-infected macrophages	result
we examined whether ship influenced activation of the mapks .	goal
however , our studies indicate	result
that the molecular mechanism by which ship influences macrophage response to francisella does not involve inhibition of the mapks .	result
thus , we did not observe any significant differences in the activation levels of mapks at any of the time points tested ,	result
ranging from 5 min to 8 h ( figure 4a and unpublished data ) .	result
however , we observed significantly elevated akt activation in ship-deficient macrophages infected with francisella .	result
the hyperactivation of akt in ship-deficient macrophages suggested	result
that the pi3k pathway may play a role in macrophage response to francisella .	hypothesis
consistently , inhibition of pi3k attenuated f. novicida-induced activation of nfkappab and the subsequent production of pro-inflammatory cytokines .	result

it has been proposed	hypothesis
that the c. elegans ror protein cam-1 has tyrosine kinase-independent functions [ 42 , 44 ] and that xenopus xror2 can function in the absence of its cytoplasmic domain [ 45 ] .	hypothesis
we thus created a membrane-tethered variant of mror2 ( mror2-gpi )	method
to assay whether mror2 could still function in the absence of its transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains .	goal
expression of mror2-gpi reduced wnt5a 's ability to inhibit wnt3a-induced stf reporter activation	result
when transfected into 293 cells as compared to cells transfected with the reporters alone ( figure 6d ) .	result
in addition , when ror2-gpi was transfected into cells in conjunction with wild-type mror2 , mror2-gpi blocked wild-type mror2 's enhancement of wnt5a-mediated inhibition ,	result
suggesting that the membrane-tethered variant of mror2 serves as a dominant negative .	implication
the fact that expression of mror2-gpi alone did not enhance wnt5a-mediated inhibition indicates	result
that the cytoplasmic , and potentially the transmembrane , domain is required for mror2 to carry out its inhibitory function .	implication

deletion of genes encoding the three components of the docking machinery known to date , pex13p , pex14p , or pex17p , results in an import defect for both pts1 and pts2 proteins .	fact
one possible explanation could be a functional overlap of the proteins in pts1 - and pts2-dependent protein import into peroxisomes .	hypothesis
this prediction prompted	goal
us to search for additional pex7p-binding proteins at the peroxisomal membrane .	goal
we expressed a functional mycpex7p fusion protein ( marzioch et al. , 1994 ) in wild-type , pex17delta , pex14delta , and pex13delta cells , and determined the localization of the protein by subcellular fractionation studies .	method
fractions were analyzed for the presence of mycpex7p and for peroxisomal membrane markers pex14p and pex13p , as well as for cytosolic fbp1p ( entian et al. , 1988 ) as a control for proper separation .	method
pex14p and pex13p , but not fbp1p , pelleted ,	method
indicating the complete sedimentation of cytosol-free peroxisomal membranes ( fig. 2 ) .	method
as reported previously ( rehling et al. , 1996 ) , mycpex7p was predominantly found in the soluble fraction in wild-type cells ,	result
while a low but significant amount was detected in the membrane fraction .	result
a decrease of mycpex7p in the pellet fraction of pex14delta cells ( fig. 2 ) suggests	result
that the majority of sedimentable pex7p associates with membranes in a pex14p-dependent manner .	result
however , in pex14delta cells a significant amount of mycpex7p was detected in the membrane pellet fraction ( fig. 2 ) ,	result
indicating that next to pex14p additional binding factors for pex7p exist at the peroxisomal membrane .	implication

plasmid dna for expression constructs containing	method
pstpip1 , ptp-pest , wasp , waspy291f , and waspy102f cdnas were purified using clontech laboratories , inc. maxi-prep kit. 5 x 104 cos-7 cells maintained in dmem supplemented with 10 % fetal bovine serum , l-glutamine , and penicillin/streptomycin , were seeded onto glass coverslips and transfected with selected plasmid dna using lipofectamine 2000 ( invitrogen ) .	method
at 24 h after transfection , cells were washed and fixed with 3 % ice-cold paraformaldehyde in pbs .	method
alternatively , unstimulated or stimulated ot-ii t cells were transfected by electroporation ( 1 pulse , 360 mv )	method
using a btx electroporator and subjected to fixation at 2.5 h after transfection .	method
after fixation ,	method
cells were blocked with 2 % bsa/pbs for 10 min immediately or for intracellular staining , cells were first permeabilized with 0.1 % triton x-100/pbs .	method
cells were then incubated with primary and	method
the appropriate fluorescently conjugated secondary antibodies and the stained samples were mounted in anti-fade mounting media ( dakocytomation ) .	method
images were analyzed	method
using the olympus 1x-70 inverted microscope equipped with fluorescence optics and deltavision deconvolution software ( applied precision ) .	method

rag physiological role in nutrient response is further supported by the fact	implication
that flies expressing draga q61l die earlier than the controls during starvation , presumably due to a failure to attenuate their metabolic activity and growth owing to a false sense of nutrient sufficiency .	result
additionally , animals expressing draga t16n are more resistant	result
to starvation and survive longer in the absence of nutrients .	result

the mdc1 sdtd motif does not conform to consensus sequences targeted by atm or other ddr kinases .	result
instead , both the serine and threonine residues in the sdtd sequence match the ck2 consensus motif of phosphorylated serine/threonine followed by an acidic residue at the +3 position	result
p [ s/t ] xxd/e ) .	result
consistent with this , a bacterially expressed protein ( glutathione s-transferase ( gst ) -sdtd2 ) encompassing two mdc1 sdtd motifs ( contained within amino-acid residues 296-340 of mdc1 ) was efficiently	result
phosphorylated by recombinant ck2 in vitro , as shown by a marked decrease in electrophoretic mobility and detection by anti-mdc1 ps329/pt331 antiserum ( fig 2c , upper and lower panels , respectively ) .	result
by contrast , the equivalent protein bearing alanine substitutions of thr 301 and	result
thr 331 ( gst-sdad2 ) , while being phosphorylated by ck2 to some degree ( presumably on ck2 consensus serine residues retained in the sdad motifs present in this fusion protein ) , was detected only weakly with the anti-mdc1 ps329/pt331 antiserum ( fig 2c ) .	result
moreover ,	result
although ck2-mediated phosphorylation of the gst-sdtd2 protein allowed it to retrieve mrn from hela nuclear extracts , the ck2-treated gst-sdad2 mutant protein was unable to bind to mrn ( fig 2d ) .	result

fifty female adult flies	method
expressing the indicated uas-drag transgenes using the fat body specific cg-gal4 driver were fed on regular food for 24-48 hours post eclosion , and then transferred to vials containing either plain agar ( starved ) or standard fly media ( fed ) .	method
viable flies were counted and transferred to fresh vials every 24 hours .	method
these experiments were carried out in triplicate .	method

the negligible overt t cell functional deficit observed in was-/ -	hypothesis
deltagbd mice implies that wasp activation in t cells might be mediated through non-gbd-dependent mechanisms .	hypothesis
data showing wasp or its orthologue , n-wasp ,	hypothesis
to undergo inducible tyrosine phosphorylation in b cells , platelets , and neurons ( 14 , 21 , 22 ) raise the possibility that tcr-evoked wasp tyrosine phosphorylation is relevant to the regulation of wasp function in t cells .	hypothesis
to determine whether wasp is inducibly tyrosine phosphorylated after t cell stimulation	goal
wasp immunoprecipitates from resting and tcr-stimulated jurkat cells were subjected to anti-ptyr immunoblotting analysis .	method
this analysis revealed	result
wasp to be tyrosine phosphorylated constitutively in these cells , but to undergo a marked increase in tyrosine phosphorylation after tcr engagement ( fig. 2 a ) .	result
moreover , both basal and tcr-evoked wasp tyrosine phosphorylation levels appeared equivalent in thymocytes from wild-type and was-/-deltagbd mice ,	result
suggesting that in t cells , wasp can be inducibly tyrosine phosphorylated in the absence of its interaction with activated cdc42 ( fig. 2 b ) .	implication
to determine which of the seven tyrosine resides within wasp ( fig. 1 a ) undergo tcr-induced phosphorylation in vivo , cdnas in which each tyrosine residue was individually replaced with phenylalanine ( y -- > f ) were expressed	method
as gfp-tagged proteins in jurkat cells and phosphorylation status of the mutant proteins was examined after cell stimulation .	method
as revealed by anti-ptyr immunoblotting analysis of anti-gfp immunoprecipitates from the transfected cells	method
induction of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation was unaffected by mutation at six of the seven wasp tyrosine sites , but was abrogated in cells expressing waspy291f ( fig. 2 c ) .	result
these findings indicate	implication
that tcr engagement triggers the tyrosine phosphorylation of wasp and demonstrate that y291 , a residue known to be selectively targeted by btk ( 14 ) , represents the major and likely only tyrosine site on wasp targeted for phosphorylation after tcr stimulation .	implication

in this study , the sites , mechanisms , and biologic relevance of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation in relation to t cell activation were investigated .	goal
the data indicate	implication
inducible phosphorylation of the wasp tyrosine residue at position 291 to be essential for the coupling of tcr engagement to nfat activation , actin polymerization , and immunological synapse formation .	implication
by contrast , wasp effects on t cell development and activation as well as its inducible tyrosine phosphorylation can occur independently of the wasp gbd motif .	result
the data also identify fyn as the wasp-binding ptk required for phosphorylation of y291 after tcr stimulation and indicate	implication
that wasp association with the pstpip1 adaptor allows wasp to colocalize with and be dephosphorylated by the protein tyrosine phosphatase ( ptp ) , ptp-pest .	implication
like wasp , both fyn and ptp-pest are inducibly translocated to the contact zone formed between t cells and stimulatory apcs , but	result
although wasp and fyn are required for immunological synapse formation , ptp-pest overexpression essentially abrogates synapse development .	result
similarly , fyn markedly enhances , whereas ptp-pest in combination with pstpip1 impairs , wasp capacity	result
to stimulate arp2/3 actin polymerizing activity in vitro .	result
importantly , fyn effects on wasp phosphorylation and its actin polymerizing role appear	result
to be unaffected by changes in cdc42 activity and disruption of the wasp-cdc42 interaction , respectively .	result
these findings indicate	implication
y291 phosphorylation to be essential to the triggering of wasp effector function during t cell activation .	implication
the data also reveal	implication
that wasp tyrosine phosphorylation can occur independently of wasp-cdc42 interaction and its modulation represents a key mechanism whereby fyn and ptp-pest regulate the signaling events linking tcr ligation to transcriptional activation and cytoskeletal rearrangement .	implication

the presence of multiple tyrosine-based motifs suggested	fact
that pag may associate with sh2 domain-containing cytoplasmic signaling proteins .	hypothesis
indeed , in vitro pull-down assays performed on lysates of pervanadate-treated jurkat t cells revealed that	method
phosphorylated pag strongly binds to the recombinant sh2 domains of lck , fyn , lyn , csk , shc , vav , gap , and pi3k as well as the tandem sh2 domains of zap70 and syk , whereas it only weakly binds to the sh2 domains of growth factor receptor binding protein 2 ( grb2 ) , slp-76 , sh2 domain-containing protein tyrosine phosphatase ( shp ) -1 , and shp-2 ( fig. 7 a ) .	result

in view of the effects of fyn and ptp-pest on wasp tyrosine phosphorylation and relevance of y291 phosphorylation to wasp function , the possibility	result
that fyn and/or ptp-pest modulate the ability of wasp to activate the arp2/3 complex was directly tested using a pyrene fluorescence in vitro assay of actin polymerization .	method
as shown in fig. 5 a , wasp alone stimulated some polymerization of the pyrene-labeled actin , but	result
the effect of wasp on actin polymerization was dramatically increased by the addition of fyn .	result
because wasp effector activity can also be stimulated by cdc42 ( 1 , 3 ) , the efficacies of fyn and cdc42 in triggering either wasp or waspdeltagbd-mediated actin polymerization were also compared	result
using a gst fusion protein containing constitutively active cdc42 ( cdc42-v12 ) .	method
although gst-cdc42-v12 substantively enhanced wasp-mediated actin polymerization , when added at a concentration generating maximum arp2/3 activation	method
its effects on actin polymerization were no greater than those induced by fyn and were not increased by the addition of gst-fyn ( fig. 5 a ) .	result
similarly , the addition of either gst-fyn or gst-cdc42-v12 alone or in	result
combination at concentrations yielding lower levels of wasp-arp2/3 activation revealed the effects of cdc42-v12 and fyn together to be less than additive ( fig. 5 b ) .	result
thus ,	implication
although fyn and cdc42 both stimulate wasp-mediated actin polymerization , they do not act synergistically to activate wasp .	implication
by contrast , the addition of ptp-pest and pstpip1 had a dramatic effect on fyn 's capacity	result
to stimulate wasp activity with the level of wasp-arp2/3 activity evoked by the combination of fyn with ptp-pest and pstpip1 being comparable to that triggered by wasp alone and being even further diminished by the combination of ptp-pest and pstpip1 ( fig. 5 a ) .	result
thus ,	implication
as is consistent with a key role for tyrosine phosphorylation in regulating wasp function , these data reveal wasp 's effects on actin polymerization to be modulated by both fyn and ptp-pest/pstpip1 .	implication
the data also reveal	implication
fyn to be as efficacious as cdc42 in stimulating wasp-arp2/3 activity and modulating this activity independently of the wasp gbd .	implication

an open reading frame of 1,296 nucleotides ( not shown ) codes for a polypeptide of 432 aa and a predicted molecular weight of 46,980	result
finally , four peptides sequenced by nano es ms/ms were matched to the full-length sequence of the protein ( fig. 2 c ) .	implication
because of the fact	implication
that the phosphoprotein was purified from gems , we termed it phosphoprotein associated with gems .	implication
in jurkat t cells transiently transfected with an expression vector encoding pag , a 68-kd polypeptide ( see below ) was detected by an anti-pag mab	result
that exactly comigrated with the endogenously expressed protein ( fig. 2 d ) .	result
this indicates	implication
that the sequenced cdna contains the complete pag gene .	implication

for	result
experiments determining phosphorylation kinetics , three different cell populations were labeled with arg0 , arg6 and arg10 , respectively .	result
prior to stimulation , cells were serum-starved for 18 h .	method
unlabeled cells were left unstimulated , while two cell populations labeled with arg6 were stimulated for two minutes and four minutes , respectively	method
and two cell populations labeled with arg10 were stimulated for 8 min and 15 min , respectively .	method
egf was added to a final concentration of 200 ng/ml .	method
lysates of cells after different times of egf stimulation were combined as described ( blagoev et al , 2004 ) and subjected	method
to immunoprecipitation with a general antibody against phosphotyrosine residues .	method

one proposed mechanism of telomere protection is based on the ciliate telomere proteins ,	hypothesis
which envelop the single-stranded telomere terminus ( horvath et al. 1998 ) .	fact
such a protein cap ,	hypothesis
if sufficiently stable , could simply hide chromosome ends from the dna damage surveillance machinery .	hypothesis
both budding and fission yeast also contain protective single-stranded telomere-binding proteins , but	fact
it is not known whether these proteins function similarly by forming a physical cap over the telomere terminus ( garvik et al. 1995 ; baumann and cech 2001 ) .	problem

sirnas were prepared by a silencer sirna construction kit ( ambion , carlsbad , ca , usa ) .	method
sequences for target human tfiiaalphabeta were 5'-gatgggcaggtggaagaag ( sense ) and 5'-cttcttccacctgcccatc ( antisense ) .	method
the sequence for human tlp was described previously	none
[ 14 ] .	none
a scrambled sequence of a part of tfiiaalphabeta was used as a control sirna .	method
cells were transfected with 50-100 nm of sirna and cultured for an appropriate period .	method

a core irif component is the mediator of the dna-damage checkpoint protein 1 ( mdc1 ; goldberg et al , 2003 ; lou et al , 2003 ; stewart et al , 2003 ; stucki et al , 2005 ) .	fact
mdc1 colocalizes with phospho-h2ax ( gammah2ax ) owing to direct interactions between the c-terminal twin brct ( brct2 ) domains of mdc1 and the gammah2ax phospho-epitope ( stucki et al , 2005 ) .	fact
mdc1 then mediates irif formation by other ddr factors such as p53 binding protein 1 ( 53bp1 ) , breast cancer protein 1 ( brca1 ) and the mre11-rad50-nbs1 ( mrn ) complex ( goldberg et al , 2003 ; stewart et al , 2003 ) .	fact
we and others have recently shown	result
that a cluster of repeated consensus atm phosphorylation sites in mdc1 is crucial for the recruitment of brca1 and 53bp1 to irif , but not for nbs1 focus formation ( huen et al , 2007 ; kolas et al , 2007 ; mailand et al , 2007 ) .	result
on phosphorylation , these motifs are bound by the fha domain of the ubiquitin e3 ligase ring-finger protein 8 ( rnf8 ) , which	result
then generates ubiquitin conjugates at sites of dsbs that mediate brca1 and 53bp1 recruitment .	fact
although mdc1 was shown to directly bind to mrn some years ago ( goldberg et al , 2003 )	result
the molecular basis of how mdc1 recruits mrn to irif has remained elusive .	problem
here , we show	implication
that a cluster of repeated motifs in mdc1 , which are phosphorylated by casein kinase 2 ( ck2 ) , are bound by mrn through phospho-dependent interactions with nbs1 that require its amino-terminal fha and brct2 domains .	implication
furthermore , we show	implication
that this mdc1-nbs1 interaction is crucial for the targeting and retention of nbs1 on chromatin-flanking dna dsbs .	implication

to understand where the tyrosine residues hyperphosphorylated on p130cas , paxillin , and fak in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells are , and to verify if these sites could be specific sh2-binding motifs	goal
we examined the physical association of each of these proteins with a panel of sh2 domains in vitro .	method
the three constructs tested were the gst fusion proteins of the src and crk sh2 domains , as well as the full-length grb2 ( charest et al. , 1997 ) .	method
these three sh2 domains were shown to bind phosphotyrosines on fak ( cantley and songyang , 1994 ; schaller et al. , 1994 ; schlaepfer et al. , 1994 ; schlaepfer and hunter , 1996 ) , src and crk to p130cas ( sakai et al. , 1994 ) , and crk to paxillin ( turner and miller , 1994 ) .	result

in the absence of amino acids , the ability of insulin to stimulate s6k was significantly compromised ( fig. s3 ) 8 , 19 .	result
we therefore examined the effect of rag on insulin signaling .	method
co-expression of raga t21n and ragc q120l potently diminished the ability of insulin	result
to stimulate s6k phosphorylation ( fig. 3c ) , similar to the results obtained under amino acid starvation conditions ( fig. s3 ) .	result
in contrast , the insulin-induced akt phosphorylation was not affected by rag ( fig. 3c ) .	result
these data further support the notion	implication
that the rag gtpases may be specifically involved in amino acid signaling .	implication

in resting cells , p42/p44 mapk are retained in the cytoplasm , presumably via a cytoplasmic anchoring complex .	fact
this notion is based on three findings : ( a ) overexpression of either p42 or p44 mapk leads to a spontaneous leakage of mapk to the nucleus in the absence of stimuli ( 27 ) .	fact
we interpreted this finding as a saturation of the cytoplasmic anchor .	implication
( b ) mek , the upstream activator of p42/p44 mapk , is permanently excluded from the nucleus by a leucine-rich short sequence ,	fact
which acts as a nuclear export signal ( 14 , 23 ) .	fact
( c ) thorner and colleagues have highlighted the existence of a specific p42/p44 mapk docking site at the extreme nh2 terminus of mek	result
a site conserved from yeast to human ( 3 ) .	result
based on these observations , we hypothesized	hypothesis
that mek might represent a good candidate for being part of a mapk cytoplasmic anchoring complex , a notion that has been largely substantiated by fukuda et al. ( 15 ) .	hypothesis

as trf2 can bind atm , it has the inherent ability	fact
to recruit this protein to telomeres .	fact
atm has not been observed at undamaged telomeres	result
but its abundance may be too low for detection .	hypothesis
the idea that atm could be recruited to telomeres by trf2 is interesting	hypothesis
considering that atm-like kinases are necessary for telomere maintenance in saccharomyces cerevisiae ( craven et al. 2002 ) and schizosaccharomyces pombe ( matsuura et al. 1999 ) .	hypothesis
it is not excluded	hypothesis
that human telomere maintenance similarly requires atm .	hypothesis
trf2 could function to recruit atm in an inactive form ,	hypothesis
perhaps allowing for highly regulated activation of atm at appropriate times .	hypothesis
such regulation of dna damage signaling and repair pathways at telomeres has been proposed previously in the context of the nonhomologous end-joining pathway and the role of the nucleotide excision repair endonuclease ercc1/xpf ( smogorzewska et al. 2002 ; zhu et al. 2003 ) .	hypothesis
in both cases , proteins with the potential to have detrimental effects on telomeres appear	hypothesis
to be regulated such that their activities can be employed for telomere function .	hypothesis

mouse polyclonal anti-pstpip-2 antibody is described in wu et al. ( 1998a ) .	none
rabbit polyclonal anti-ptp-pest antibody is described in charest et al. ( 1995 ) .	none
mouse monoclonal anticortactin is a gift from dr. j. thomas parsons , university of virginia , charlottesville , va .	none
the following antibodies were purchased as indicated : rabbit anti-fak ( a17 ) from santa cruz biotechnology , inc. ; mouse antipaxillin from transduction laboratories ; mouse antivinculin ( hvin-1 ) from sigma chemical co. ; hrp-conjugated anti-mouse and -rabbit igg antibodies and fitc-conjugated anti-mouse antibody from jackson immunoresearch laboratories , inc .	method
the antiphosphotyrosine antibodies used were mouse hrp-conjugated antiphosphotyrosine antibody ( py20 ) from transduction laboratories and the mouse monoclonal 4g10 .	method

the above data strongly suggest	implication
that nik and ikkalpha together control ltbetar signaling with a close mechanistic relationship in their pathway .	implication
we have therefore reasoned	hypothesis
that impaired ltbetar signaling in aly mice may be due to defective interaction between mutated nik and ikkalpha .	hypothesis
to investigate this , nik and ikkalpha were coexpressed in cos-7 cells	goal
and protein interactions were assessed by immunoprecipitation .	method
association of wild-type nik with ikkalpha was easily detected ( fig. 4 ) .	result
in contrast , association of aly type nik , which corresponds to a g855r substitution in mice , with ikkalpha was disrupted by the mutation ,	result
providing further support for the role of nik-ikkalpha as an essential pathway for nf-kappab activation in ltbetar signaling .	implication
despite this finding , the possibility remains	hypothesis
that aly mice might have a different phenotype from nik-null mutation mice .	hypothesis

cells transfected with plasmids were treated with 50 mum etoposide for an appropriate time .	method
after fixation of cells , chip assay was performed	method
as described previously [ 14 ] .	method
endogenous and exogenous fh-proteins were precipitated with a specific antibody and protein g-sepharose 4 fast flow ( ge healthcare bioscience ) and alpha-flag m2 affinity gel ( sigma-aldrich ) , respectively .	method
immunoprecipitated dnas and control input dnas were analyzed by semi-quantitative pcr or qpcr	method
using p21 promoter-specific primer sets .	method
primer sets for chip analysis were	method
as follows : p53re forward , 5'-cacctttcaccattccccta ; reverse , 5'-gcagcccaaggacaaaatag ; tata-box forward , 5'-tgctggaactcggccaggctcagctg ; reverse , 5'-ccagctccggctccacaaggaactg ; control forward , 5'-tggtaggcctctccaaggta ; reverse , 5'-acacatgtgacttggggtga .	method

the biochemical function of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta in the ras/rac/rho pathway remains	problem
to be elucidated .	problem
evidence for pkc as an important regulator of cytoskeletal functions has been presented by numerous studies ( keenan and kelleher , 1998 ) .	fact
stress fibers are associated with focal adhesion complexes	fact
where cells interact with the extracellular matrix .	fact
the interaction with the extracellular matrix is mediated by integrin receptors	result
which are integral components of focal adhesion plaques ( schwartz et al. , 1995 ) .	result
activation of integrin receptors initiates a signaling cascade	result
which has been shown to depend on stress fibers ( hynes , 1992 ; rosales et al. , 1995 ; wu et al. , 1995 ) and to cooperate with growth factor-mediated events ( clark and brugge , 1995 ; schwartz et al. , 1995 ) .	result
an implication of pkc in focal adhesion formation and integrin-mediated signaling has been described ( clark and brugge , 1995 ; schwartz et al. , 1995 ) .	result
by	method
permitting anchorage-independent growth , transforming ras may override the necessity for cell attachment .	hypothesis
evidence in support of this concept has been presented ( kang and krauss , 1996 ) .	result
both src and ras have been shown	result
to act as important elements in integrin-mediated signaling ( schlaepfer et al. , 1998 ) .	result
expression of oncogenic mutants of either protein may not only circumvent integrin receptor activation but may also lead to a disruption of focal adhesions and stress fibers as a result of a persistent activation of downstream elements of the integrin-regulated pathways ,	hypothesis
as had been suggested for v-src ( fincham et al. , 1995 ; hildebrand et al. , 1993 ) .	hypothesis

vinculin is a structural protein	fact
that links talin and actin when focal adhesions form .	fact
it can be tyrosine phosphorylated , but	fact
this phosphorylation does not seem to be implicated in focal adhesion formation , the latter due to a conformational change in vinculin following phosphatidyl inositol biphosphate binding ( burridge and chrzanowska-wodnicka , 1996 ) .	fact
there was no detectable basal level of tyrosine phosphorylation of vinculin in both cell lines , potentially due to the fact	result
that the cells were not stimulated .	fact

to prepare cell lysates , 2 x 107 jurkat cells , thymocytes , or lymph node	goal
t cells were suspended in lysis buffer ( 20 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 1 % triton x-100 , 150 mm nacl , 1 mm pmsf , 1 mm na3vo4 ) and 1 mug/ml each aprotinin , leupeptin , and pepstatin ( amersham biosciences ) .	method
after 30 min of incubation on ice , unlysed cells were removed by centrifugation and	method
100-250 mug of the lysate proteins were then incubated with protein a sepharose 6b beads ( amersham biosciences ) for 30 min at 4degreesc followed by 2 h of incubation with specific antibody or rabbit preimmune serum .	method
the immune complexes were then collected over protein a sepharose and eluted from the beads by	method
boiling in laemmli buffer .	method
for immunoblotting analyses , immunoprecipitated proteins were suspended in loading buffer , electrophoresed through 10 % polyacrylamide gels , and transferred	method
to nitrocellulose membrane .	method
after	method
blocking with 5 % skim milk powder in 1x tbst ( 20 mm tris-hcl , ph 7.5 , 0.9 % nacl , 0.1 % tween 20 ) , membranes were incubated for 1 h with the primary antibody followed by a 1-h incubation with a 1/3,000 diluted horseradish peroxidase-conjugated secondary antibody ( bio-rad laboratories ) and for 1 min with ecl substrate ( amersham biosciences ) followed by 1-10 min of exposure to eastman kodak co. x-ray film .	method

understanding signaling by wnt proteins	problem
has been hampered by a history of conflicting data .	problem
the authors reconcile previous findings concerning wnt signaling by	method
using purified wnt5a to probe the signaling pathways it activates .	method

nevertheless , our observation that pag is expressed as a constitutively tyrosine-phosphorylated molecule that recruits csk to the plasma membrane could indicate	result
that in the absence of a stimulus ( e.g. , antigen ) , the pag-csk complex increases the signaling threshold required for initiating an immune response and/or helps to keep lymphocytes in a resting state .	result
it may be speculated	hypothesis
that abnormal alterations of the phosphorylation status of pag under certain pathological conditions ( e.g. , at sites of local inflammation ) and thus decreased csk binding may contribute to hyperactivity of t cells ( and other leukocytes as well ) .	hypothesis
this could be a factor contributing to development of some autoimmune disorders , for example .	hypothesis
the phosphatase ( s ) involved in pag dephosphorylation might thus be an interesting target for pharmacological intervention .	hypothesis
in any case , further analysis of pag will help	hypothesis
to better understand how external signals become integrated at the intracellular level to yield an appropriate response of t cells ( and also other cell types ) towards externally applied stimuli .	goal

the data presented here demonstrate	implication
that transforming ha-ras uses atypical apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta for the rearrangement of actin cytoskeleton .	implication
this conclusion is based on the observation	implication
that ( a ) the ha-ras-induced dissolution of actin stress fibers is blocked by the specific pkc inhibitor gf109203x at concentrations which inhibit the activity of the atypical apkc isotypes lambda and zeta .	result
( b ) coexpression of	result
transforming ha-ras l61 with kinase-defective , dn mutants of apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta , as well as antisense constructs encoding rna directed against isotype-specific 5 ' sequences of the corresponding mrnas , abrogate the ha-ras-induced reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton .	result
( c ) finally , transfection of cells with constructs	result
encoding ca mutants of atypical apkc-lambda and apkc-zeta mimic the effect of oncogenic ha-ras on actin cytoskeleton reorganization .	result

the process of cell migration is crucial for the correct development of a mammalian embryo .	fact
in an adult organism , cell migration plays an important role in events such as the invasion of a wounded space by fibroblasts and endothelial cells , as well as translocation of lymphocytes and neutrophils to an inflammatory site .	fact
in cancer , tumor cells migrate to reach the circulatory system and metastasize throughout the organism	fact
for review see lauffenburger and horwitz , 1996 ) .	fact
one of the driving forces for cell mobility is actin polymerization/depolymerization ,	fact
which is partly under the control of the rho family of small gtpase proteins ( nobes and hall , 1995 ; tapon and hall , 1997 ) .	fact

see the supplementary information online for details .	none

many short-lived proteins have been found	result
to be targeted and degraded by the proteasome after their ubiquitinylation ( 39 ) .	result
thus ,	hypothesis
to validate this hypothesis we inhibited the activity of the proteasome with llnl , a membrane-permeable inhibitor of cysteine proteases that acts upon calpains and proteasomes ( 42 , 46 ) .	hypothesis
the action of llnl on p42/p44 mapk subcellular localization was assessed after long-term serum stimulation .	method

in this article , we show	result
that , in transfected cos-1 cells , protein tyrosine phosphatase ( ptp ) -pest translocates to the membrane periphery following stimulation by the extracellular matrix protein fibronectin .	result
when plated on fibronectin	result
ptp-pest ( -/- ) fibroblasts display a strong defect in motility .	result
3 h after	result
plating on fibronectin , the number and size of vinculin containing focal adhesions were greatly increased in the homozygous ptp-pest mutant cells as compared with heterozygous cells .	result
this phenomenon appears	implication
to be due in part to a constitutive increase in tyrosine phosphorylation of p130cas , a known ptp-pest substrate , paxillin , which associates with ptp-pest in vitro , and focal adhesion kinase ( fak ) .	implication
another effect of this constitutive hyperphosphorylation , consistent with the focal adhesion regulation defect , is	fact
that ( -/- ) cells spread faster than the control cell line when plated on fibronectin .	fact
in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells , an increase in affinity for the sh2 domains of src and crk towards p130cas was also observed .	result
in ( -/- ) cells , we found a significant increase in the level of tyrosine phosphorylation of pstpip , a cleavage furrow-associated protein	result
that interacts physically with all pest family members .	fact
an effect of pstpip hyperphosphorylation appears	result
to be that some cells remain attached at the site of the cleavage furrow for an extended period of time .	result
in conclusion , our data suggest	implication
ptp-pest plays a dual role in cell cytoskeleton organization , by promoting the turnover of focal adhesions required for cell migration , and by directly or indirectly regulating the proline , serine , threonine phosphatase interacting protein ( pstpip ) tyrosine phosphorylation level which may be involved in regulating cleavage furrow formation or disassembly during normal cell division .	implication

in contrast to the rapid process of mapk dissociation from the cytoplasmic anchoring complex and nuclear entry , the events leading to p42/p44 mapk nuclear retention do require new protein synthesis .	fact
this process	fact
that develops slowly with time also depends upon activation of the p42/p44 mapk module .	fact
indeed , mapk nuclear retention mirrors the temporal activation of p42/p44 mapk .	fact
this is best demonstrated by	method
comparing serum with estradiol stimulation .	method
the strong and persistent activation of the mapk module attained with estradiol in deltaraf-1 : er cells led to a massive and persistent mapk nuclear retention .	result
under these conditions , an arrest of protein synthesis by chx is sufficient to provoke an efflux of nuclear mapk ,	result
although the mapk module remains fully active .	result
another example of disjunction between mapk activation and nuclear retention was obtained by	method
inhibiting the proteasome .	method
under conditions	result
where mapk is transiently stimulated ( tpa , serum during short pulses ) , mapk does not accumulate in the nucleus .	result
however ,	result
if protein degradation of short-lived proteins is inhibited by proteasome inhibitors , then mapk nuclear retention is observed .	result
this process is slower than with a physiological stimulation with serum	result
but the amplitude of nuclear retention is comparable ( see figs. 7 and 8 ) .	result
interestingly , under these conditions of proteasome inhibition , mapk activity is barely detectable , and yet mapk	result
nuclear retention is maximal ( see fig. 5 ) .	result
therefore , when protein degradation is inhibited , it seems	implication
that mapk nuclear retention occurs independently of mapk-dependent phosphorylating events .	implication
interestingly , the only reported case	result
where p42/p44 mapk nuclear translocation can occur regardless of its activation was in ref52 cells treated with thiol-modifying agents such as phenylarsine oxide and n-ethylmaleimide ( 31 ) .	result
considering	hypothesis
that n-ethylmaleimide is known to inhibit one peptidase activity of the proteasome by acting on a critical cysteinyl residue ( 11 , 22 ) , this agent could trigger , in some cells , the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk by blocking the degradation of mapk nuclear anchors .	hypothesis

the ras-induced reorganization of actin cytoskeleton has been shown	result
to be mediated by rac-1 and pi3k ( joneson and bar-sagi , 1997 ) .	result
the data presented here suggest that apkc-lambda acts upstream of pi3k and rac-1 ,	implication
whereas apkc-zeta functions either downstream or independent of rac-1 .	implication
this conclusion is based on the following findings : ( a ) the effects of the constitutively active mutant of apkc-lambda	result
which mimics ras with regard to the alterations of actin cytoskeleton are inhibited by the pi3k blockers wortmannin and ly294002 and also by expression of dn n17 rac-1 ; and ( b ) expression of n17 rac-1 does not interfere with the disassembly of actin stress fibers induced by the ca apkc-zeta a119e mutant .	result
the sequence ras-apkc-lambda-pi3k-rac-1 would be in accordance with the model suggested by rodriguez-viciana et al. ( 1994 ) ,	hypothesis
who propose a pathway in which the ras-mediated activation of rac-1 is mediated by pi3k .	hypothesis
our findings would add atypical apkc-lambda as an upstream element of this sequence , a model consistent with data demonstrating a physical interaction of apkc-lambda with p21ras ( diaz-meco et al. , 1994 ) .	hypothesis

to analyze the specificity of the nh2-terminal ph domain of tiam1	goal
a region containing this ph domain was exchanged for the corresponding regions containing the ph domain of dbl , the ph domain of beta-ark , or the coohterminal ph domain of tiam1 ( see materials and methods ) .	method
however , none of these mutant tiam1 proteins localized at the plasma membrane and induced membrane ruffling ( data not shown ) .	result
this means either	implication
that additional sequences are required for correct functioning of these ph domains or that the primary function of the nh2terminal ph domain , namely to localize tiam1 through specific interactions with components of the plasma membrane , can not be substituted for by other ph domains .	implication

the existence of sos-1 in two physically and functionally distinct pools suggests the hypothesis	hypothesis
that its presence in a s/g or a s/e/e8 complex could dictate its ras - or rac-specific gef activities , respectively .	hypothesis
to explore this possibility , we used an in vitro assay	goal
that can score gef activities in sos-1-containing immunoprecipitates .	method
cells were transfected with either sos-1 alone ( sostfx ) or a combination of s/e/e8 ( triple tfx ) ( fig. 7 a ) .	method
when sos-1 was immunoprecipitated from sostfx	method
it displayed ras-gef , but not rac-gef , activity ( fig. 7 b ) .	result
of note , little e3b1 and no eps8 could be detected in sos-1 immunoprecipitates ( fig. 7 a ) .	result
conversely , grb2 was readily recovered from the same immunoprecipitates ( unpublished data ) .	result
we then used the triple tfx and coimmunoprecipitated sos-1 with anti-eps8 antibodies ( fig. 7 , a and b ) .	result
under these conditions , all of the coimmunoprecipitated sos-1 is present in the s/e/e8 tricomplex ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	result
despite lower levels of sos-1 in the coimmunoprecipitate ( with respect to a sos-1 immunoprecipitate from sostfx ) , rac-gef activity was now present ( fig. 7 b ) .	result
conversely , no ras-gef activity could be detected ( fig. 7 b ) .	result
the lack of ras-gef activity was not due to the low levels of sos-1 .	result
to prove this point , we immunoprecipitated from sostfx an amount of	goal
sos-1 comparable to that present in anti-eps8 immunoprecipitates from triple tfx ( fig. 7 , a and b , lanes sostfx1/10 ) .	method
under these conditions , ras-gef activity was readily detectable ( fig. 7 b ) .	result
the detection of rac-specific gef activity in anti-eps8 immunoprecipitates strictly required the presence of sos-1 ,	implication
since no gef activity was detected in eps8 immunoprecipitates , in the absence of coexpressed sos-1 ( scita et al. , 1999 ; unpublished data ) .	result
furthermore , no rac-gef activity could be detected in eps8 immunoprecipitates from lysates of cells transfected with sos-1 , e3b1 , and an eps8 mutant	result
that is impaired in its ability to bind e3b1 and thereby can not form a trimeric complex ( scita et al. , 1999 ) .	implication

bmms and raw 264.7 cells were transfected with the appropriate plasmid dna using the amaxa nucleofector apparatus ( amaxa biosystems )	method
as previously described [ 46,47 ] .	method
briefly , 5 x 106 cells were resuspended in 100 mul nucelofector solution ( t for bmms and v for raw 264.7 cells ) , and were nucelofected with 1 mug of nfkappab-luc alone or with 5 mug of empty vector or plasmid	method
encoding wt-ship .	method
immediately post nucleofection , 500 mul of pre-warmed rpmi was added to the transfection mix before	method
transferring to 12-well plates containing 1.5-ml pre-warmed rpmi per well .	method
plates were incubated for 12 h at 37 degreesc .	method
transfected cells were either left	method
uninfected or were infected for 5 h with f. novicida .	method
cells were lysed in 100 mul of luciferase cell culture lysis reagent ( promega , madison , wisconsin , united states ) .	method
luciferase activity was then measured	method
using luciferase assay reagent ( promega ) , as previously described [ 24 ] .	method

tata-binding protein ( tbp ) is an essential component in tfiid	fact
that binds to the tata-box promoter element [ 2,4-6 ] .	fact
tbp-like protein ( tlp , also called trf2 ) has been identified	fact
as one of the tbp family proteins [ 7-9 ] and has been shown to enhance expression of tata-less genes such as nf-1 , cyclin-g2 , tap63 and wee1 [ 10-12 ] .	fact
tlp is unable to bind to the tata-box , and	fact
a consensus tlp-binding sequence has not been determined so far .	fact
in the drosophila pcna gene , tlp is engaged in transcriptional activation	fact
as a cofactor for a transcription regulatory factor called dref [ 13 ] .	fact
although tlp is usually concentrated in the cytoplasm , it translocates to the nucleus in a particular cell-cycle period or	fact
when activated by a genotoxin such as etoposide [ 12 ] .	fact
hence , tlp is thought	hypothesis
to be involved in gene regulation related to growth control and dna damage response .	hypothesis
recently , we have identified p21 ( p21waf1/cip1 ) as one of the tlp-target genes [ 14 ] .	result

the finding	problem
that sos-1 participates in both ras and rac activation does not immediately explain the temporal sequence by which the activation of ras precedes that of rac .	problem
this latter concept , however , is largely based on the fact that ectopic expression of a constitutively active	implication
ras mutant is sufficient to cause membrane ruffles , indicative of rac activation ( bar-sagi and feramisco , 1986 ; rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1997 ; scita et al. , 1999 ) .	fact
current thinking holds therefore	hypothesis
that active ras , through binding and activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase , leads to the formation of phosphatidylinositol 3 , 4 , 5 triphosphate , which in turn regulates rac-specific gefs , like vav-1 , and possibly sos-1 ( kotani et al. , 1994 ; rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 , 1996 , 1997 ; han et al. , 1998 ; nimnual et al. , 1998 ; das et al. , 2000 ) ( fig. 9 ) .	hypothesis

the essential role of ikkalpha in ltbetar signaling was examined by investigation of lymphoid organogenesis in ikkalpha-deficient mice .	method
because ikkalpha-deficient mice show perinatal death associated with abnormal limb and skin development	result
lymphoid organogenesis in ikkalpha-deficient mice was assessed by the development of pp from 18.5 d.p.c .	method
embryos .	method
pp formation in control embryos ( n = 8 ) was easily detected by whole-mount immunohistochemistry with mab against vcam-1 ( fig. 3 a ) ;	result
vcam-1+ cells accumulate at the site of pp development starting from 15.5 d.p.c. and can be used as a stromal marker for pp formation 21 .	result
in contrast , no pp formation was detected in intestines isolated from ikkalpha-deficient embryos ( n	result
= 7 ; fig. 3 b ) .	result
a similar lack of vcam-1+ cell accumulation in embryonic intestines has been demonstrated in aly mice 21 .	result
this result shows	implication
that ltbetar signaling is fundamentally impaired in ikkalpha-deficient mice .	implication
together , these findings are important in providing clear evidence	implication
that ikkalpha is involved in cytokine receptor signaling in vivo .	implication

in vitro kinase assays performed on gems immunoprecipitated by , for example , cd59 mab from leukocytes typically produce two major species of phosphorylated proteins : one with a molecular mass of 55-60 kd ( previously identified as src family kinases ) and the other , as yet unidentified , with a molecular mass of ~80 kd ( fig. 1 a ) .	result
moreover , an acidic 85-kd phosphoprotein is a component of the recently described fyn complex 33 and can be visualized after two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of an in vitro-labeled fyn immunoprecipitate prepared from resting human t cells ( fig. 1 b ) .	result
finally , a constitutive tyrosine-phosphorylated 70-80-kd protein is expressed in peripheral blood leukocytes and lymphoid cell lines and associates with gems ,	result
as defined by flotation in density gradients ( fig. 1 c ) .	result
we suspected	hypothesis
that these 80-85-kd gem - and fyn-associated phosphoproteins as well as the prominent pp70-80 found in leukocytes might represent the same molecule , and thus attempted its characterization .	hypothesis

the detailed molecular mechanism	problem
by which ras affects the actin cytoskeleton via rac and rho is still insufficiently understood .	problem
microinjection of recombinant , activated rhoa induces actin stress fibers in the absence of added growth factors ( paterson et al. , 1990 ) .	result
serum-induced stress fiber formation can be blocked by the clostridium botulinum exoenzyme c3 , an inhibitor of rho ( rubin et al. , 1988 ; aktories et al. , 1989 ; chardin et al. , 1989 ) .	result
actin stress fibers are linked to integrins at the inner surface of the plasma membrane through a multimolecular protein complex called focal adhesion ( burridge et al. , 1988 ) .	fact
evidence for an implication of enzymes of the protein kinase c ( pkc ) family in focal adhesion formation has been reported ( chun and jacobson , 1992 ; vuori and ruoslahti , 1993 ; mogi et al. , 1995 ) .	result
activation of pkc isoenzymes causes a stimulation of cell attachment , spreading , and enhanced tyrosine phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase , pp125 fak , a constituent of the focal adhesion complex ( smith-sinnett et al. , 1993 ) .	result
fak is tyrosine phosphorylated and its tyrosine kinase activity enhanced upon integrin-mediated interaction with the extracellular matrix ( guan et al. , 1991 ; kornberg et al. , 1992 ; zachary and rozengurt , 1992 ) .	result
enhanced tyrosine phosphorylation of fak is also observed after exposure to several growth factors ( burridge et al. , 1992 ; sinnett-smith et al. , 1993 ; rankin and rozengurt , 1994 ) .	result
thus , fak may represent a point of convergence	hypothesis
where growth factor induced signals meet signals from activated integrins ( zachary and rozengurt , 1992 ) .	hypothesis

an evaluation of existing microarray expression data ( affymetrix human u133a data set , novartis foundation ) using hierarchical cluster analysis ( supplementary figure 1 ) shows	method
that egfr and erbb4 indeed are rarely coexpressed and that erbb2 and erbb3 are seldom expressed without either egfr or erbb4 .	result
thus , our data are consistent with the idea	implication
that egfr and erbb4 function as ' control centers ' and sites of integration for signaling processes , involving stimulation with their ligands , egf and neuregulin , respectively .	implication
furthermore , the striking difference in interaction partners of kinase-inactive erbb3 compared to the other family members may indicate a specific role in	result
signaling to the pi3k pathway as part of heterodimers with egfr , erbb4 or erbb2 in different cell types or differentiation stages .	hypothesis

a major mechanism of signal transduction by receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ) * involves the activation of small gtpases , among	fact
which ras and rac are pivotal ( scita et al. , 2000 ) .	fact
there is evidence for hierarchical organization of small gtpases in signal transduction pathways ( van aelst and d'souza-schorey , 1997 ; hall , 1998 ; scita et al. , 2000 ) .	fact
in addition , regulators of small gtpase activity , such as the guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( gef ) son of sevenless ( sos-1 ) , appear	fact
to control different events in the signaling cascade ( for review see bar-sagi and hall , 2000 ; schlessinger , 2000 ; scita et al. , 2000 ) .	fact
a scenario can thus be envisioned in	hypothesis
which coordinated and/or sequential activation of small gtpases is achieved through the action of the same regulator at multiple steps .	hypothesis
the molecular mechanisms involved , however , remain yet	problem
to be understood .	problem
sos-1 is a well-known ras-gef ( for review see bar-sagi , 1994 ; schlessinger , 2000 ) ,	fact
whose specific catalytic activity is encoded by its cdc25-like domain ( bar-sagi , 1994 ) .	fact
elegant biochemical and genetic studies have clarified	method
how the proline-rich cooh-terminal tail of sos-1 interacts with the sh3-containing adaptor molecule grb2 ( bar-sagi , 1994 ) .	implication
grb2 in turn displays	fact
a sh2 domain responsible for the recruitment of the grb2-sos-1 complex to active , autophosphorylated rtks ( lowenstein et al. , 1992 ; ceresa and pessin , 1998 ) .	fact
the relocalization of the complex to the plasma membrane is thought	hypothesis
to be sufficient for sos-1 to catalyze the exchange of guanine nucleotides on ras , which is also present at the membrane , with ensuing activation of this small gtpase .	hypothesis

as shown in fig. 3 b , the c1199 tiam1 protein carrying a small internal deletion in the conserved cooh-terminal part of the dh-adjacent ph domain ( c1199-deltaphc ) was still able	result
to induce membrane ruffling .	result
this was an unexpected finding	implication
since deletions in the dh-adjacent ph domain of other gds proteins interfered with their proper functioning ( hart et al. , 1994 ; whitehead et al. , 1995b ) , and mutations in this region of the ph domain of beta-ark abolished interactions with both gbetagamma proteins and phospholipids ( touhara et al. , 1995 ) .	implication
in contrast , a c1199 tiam1 protein with a deletion in the dh domain ( c1199deltadh ) did not induce membrane ruffling ( fig. 3 c ) , corroborating a previously proposed catalytic function for the dh domain ( hart et al. , 1994 ) .	result
deletion of most of the dhr region ( c1199-deltadhr ) did not affect ruffling ( fig. 3 d ) , indicating	result
that the dhr domain is not required for the induction of membrane ruffles .	implication
however , a small deletion in the nh2-terminal ph domain ( c1199-deltaphn ) , comparable to the deletion made in the cooh-terminal ph domain , completely abolished membrane ruffling ( fig. 3 e ) .	result
western blot analyses showed	result
that all mutant proteins were of the predicted size and expressed at similar levels ( see fig. 4 , lanes 4-9 ) , although somewhat less than the c1199 tiam1 protein .	result
this excludes the possibility	implication
that these results were due to major differences in protein stability .	implication
we conclude	implication
that both the catalytic dh domain and the nh2-terminal ph domain are essential for tiam1-induced membrane ruffling .	implication

pi3k , plc , and c-src are known effectors of vegf signalling in endothelial cells and	fact
previous studies have suggested that ampk stimulation is downstream of pi3k and c-src activation in peroxynitrite - and metformin-treated baecs [ 16,19 ] .	implication
in the current study , inhibition of either pi3k or c-src had no effect on vegf-stimulated ampk activity in haecs ,	result
suggesting that neither pi3k nor c-src mediate vegf-stimulated ampk activation ( fig. 2a ) .	implication
preincubation with u73122 completely inhibited vegf-stimulated ampk activity ( fig. 2 ) ,	result
suggesting that vegf stimulates ampk in a plc-dependent manner .	implication
similarly , histamine has previously been reported to activate ampk in huvecs in a pi3k-independent , plc-dependent manner [ 20 ] .	result

assay of no production in endothelial cells .	method
cells cultured in 6-well plates were preincubated for 2 h at 37 degreesc in 0.5 ml/well krh buffer at 37 degreesc .	method
the medium was removed and replaced with 0.4 ml fresh krh buffer in the presence or absence of vegf ( 10 ng/ml ) , wortmannin ( 100 nm ) and/or l-name ( 1 mm ) for 15 min .	method
the medium was removed , no-specific chemiluminescence was analysed and	method
l-name-sensitive no production calculated as described previously [ 9 ] .	method

data in this study are shown as mean +/ -	method
standard error of the mean obtained from at least three independent experiments .	method
statistical significance of quantitative data was determined	method
using bonferroni 's method with r console ( ver .	method
3.0.3 ) .	none
the number of experiments used for statistical analysis was at least three ( n	method
= 3 ) .	method
p < 0.05 was considered	method
to be statistically significant .	method
statistical significance of differences between samples is shown in the figures with asterisks :	none
*p < 0.05 ; **p < 0.01 ; ***p < 0.001 .	none

previous reports and the data shown above indicated that in vitro-labeled pp80 migrates at 80-85 kd in sds-page .	result
however , the data depicted in fig. 2	implication
d suggested that in nonstimulated jurkat t cells , pag only runs at about 68-70 kd .	implication
the apparent discrepancy between the molecular weight of the in vitro-phosphorylated pag ( fig. 3 ) versus its migration when prepared from lysates of nonstimulated cells suggested	result
that the electrophoretic mobility of pag is influenced by its level of tyrosine phosphorylation .	implication
indeed , the electrophoretic mobility of pag strongly decreased after pervanadate treatment of jurkat cells and corresponded to the previously observed apparent molecular mass of 85 kd ( fig. 4 a ) .	result
this demonstrates	implication
that in unstimulated jurkat t cells , a submaximally phosphorylated 68-kd form of pag predominates that shifts to 80-85 kd upon pervanadate treatment .	implication

cells on coverslips were washed and fixed in 3.7 % formaldehyde in pbs .	method
cells were subsequently stained	method
as described ( michiels et al. , 1995 ) with a polyclonal rabbit antiserum against tiam1 ( habets et al. , 1994 ) .	method
antibodies were visualized with fitc-labeled secondary antibodies ( zymed labs inc. , s. san fransisco , ca ) .	method
cells were stained simultaneously for f-actin with tritc-labeled phalloidin ( molecular probes , eugene , or ) at a concentration of 2 u/ml .	method
at least 100 positive cells were analyzed by fluorescence microscopy and confocal laser scanning microscopy .	method
optical sections were taken through the apical part of the cells	method
to show the presence or absence of membrane ruffles .	method
confocal images were recorded separately and subsequently merged .	method
colocalization of green ( fitc ) and red ( tritc ) fluorescence appears in yellow in the merged images .	result

wnt5a protein was also assayed for its ability	method
to directly stimulate intracellular calcium flux .	method
figure 3c shows	result
that wnt5a protein treatment at high doses does not alter the intracellular concentration of ca 2+ in 293 cells , although subsequent ionomycin treatment of the same cells promotes robust ca 2+ flux .	result
similar results were observed in 293 cells stably expressing mouse fz4 ( mfz4 ) ;	result
a wnt receptor thought to be involved in wnt-stimulated calcium flux ( figure 3c ) [ 40 ] .	implication
in addition , transient treatment with wnt5a protein does not activate other ca 2+-sensitive reporter constructs such as an nfat-responsive luciferase reporter ( unpublished data ) .	result
these data taken together strongly suggest	implication
that wnt-stimulated ca 2+ flux is not the direct mechanism utilized by wnt5a to inhibit canonical wnt signaling .	implication

we tested	hypothesis
whether raga q66l can overcome inhibition by osmotic stress .	hypothesis
as shown in fig. s2b	result
osmotic stress still inhibited raga q66l-induced s6k phosphorylation .	result
we found	result
that neither raga q66l nor raga t21n affected ampk phosphorylation ( data not shown ) , excluding an involvement of ampk .	result

we feel	hypothesis
that the interaction of trf2 with atm is likely to be relevant to the mechanism by which trf2 blocks atm signaling .	hypothesis
trf2 binds atm in a region surrounding s1981 ,	fact
which is functionally linked to the oligomerization state of atm .	fact
phosphorylation on s1981 occurs concomitant with the dissociation of atm dimers ( or oligomers ) ,	fact
forming the monomeric , active form of the kinase ( bakkenist and kastan 2003 ) .	fact
trf2 is also an oligomer of four to eight subunits ,	fact
which are held together by the trfh dimerization domain as well as other , yet to be defined , protein interactions ( broccoli et al. 1997 ; fairall et al. 2001 ; stansel et al. 2001 ) .	fact
owing to its oligomeric nature	hypothesis
trf2 could potentially cross-link atm monomers and thus hold the kinase in its inactive dimeric ( or oligomeric ) state .	hypothesis
in this manner , trf2 could abrogate the atm pathway	hypothesis
since it would block amplification of the atm signal at an early step .	hypothesis
in agreement with this idea , the in vitro gst pulldown experiments showed	result
that trf2 can interact with atm when it is not phosphorylated on s1981 .	result
because mutations in the trf2 dimerization domain destabilize the protein , it has not been possible	problem
to test the contribution of trf2 oligomerization on atm repression directly .	problem
alternatively , the interaction of trf2 with the region surrounding s1981 may prevent	hypothesis
atm autophosphorylation or trf2 binding could block a presumed interaction between atm and a dna damage sensor , such as the mre11 complex .	hypothesis
it is unlikely	hypothesis
that trf2 acts as an atm target mimetic that titrates out genuine atm targets since trf2 is not a target of the atm kinase ( r. drissi , m. b. kastan , and j. dome , unpublished data ) .	hypothesis
furthermore , trf2 does not block atm kinase activity in an in vitro assay ( s .	result
kozlov , j. karlseder , and m. f. lavin , unpublished data ) .	result
these findings are consistent with trf2 acting at one of the earlier steps in the activation of the atm kinase , including the interplay between atm and dna damage sensors , atm autophosphorylation , or dissociation of atm dimers .	implication

to directly examine the role of peli1 in il-1r signaling	goal
we analyzed the effect of peli1 deficiency on il-1beta-stimuated activation of nf-kappab and ikk .	method
il-1beta stimulated comparable nf-kappab dna-binding activity in peli1+/+ and peli1-/ - mefs ( fig. 5c ) .	result
consistently , the loss of peli1 did not affect il-1beta-stimulated activation of ikk ( fig. 5d ) .	result
together , these results suggest	implication
that peli1 is either functionally redundant with other peli proteins or not critical in the il-1r signaling pathway .	implication
as il-1r transduces signals through myd88 35	fact
these results are consistent with the dispensable role of peli1 in ikk-nf-kappab activation by the myd88-dependent tlr2 and tlr9 ( fig. 4c , e ) .	result

to investigate whether irak is indispensable for il-1 signaling pathway	goal
irak-deficient mouse primary ef cells were prepared from mouse embryos injected with embryonic stem cells carrying a disrupted irak gene as described in materials and methods .	method
the irak gene was disrupted by deletion of exons 5-7 ,	method
which encode the nh2-terminal portion of the kinase domain , subdomains i-v , including conserved amino acids involved in atp binding ( fig. 1 a ) .	result
the deletion was confirmed by southern hybridization ( fig. 1 b ) .	method
detection of only the disrupted irak allele in male embryonic stem cells suggests	result
that the mouse irak gene is located on the x chromosome .	implication
consistent with our finding , the human irak gene was also reported	result
to be on the x chromosome ( embl/genbank'ddbj accession number u52112 ) .	result
the absence of irak protein in ef cells containing the disrupted irak allele was demonstrated by	method
immunoblotting with an anti-irak antiserum ( fig. 1 c ) .	method
the lack of irak expression in irak-deficient ef cells enabled	method
us to evaluate the importance of irak in il-1 signaling .	goal

bmms were plated in six-well culture dishes .	method
macrophages were infected either with f. novicida ( at 1 . 10 , or 100 moi ) or with f. tularensis lvs ( 100 moi ) that	method
were scraped from chocolate ii agar plates , resuspended , and diluted in rpmi .	method
for some experiments , bacteria were killed by heat at 98 degreesc for 10 min prior to	method
adding to the macrophages .	method
to prevent internalization of bacteria	goal
cells were treated with 5 mug/ml of cytochalasin d for 30 min at 37 degreesc and 5 % c02 prior to infection .	method
uninfected and infected cells were lysed in tn1 buffer ( 50 mm tris [ ph 8.0 ] , 10 mm edta , 10m m na4p2o7 , 10 mm naf , 1 % triton-x 100 , 125 mm nacl , 10 mm na3vo4 , 10 mug/ml each aprotinin and leupeptin ) .	method
postnuclear lysates were boiled in laemmli sample buffer and were separated by sds/page , transferred	method
to nitrocellulose filters , probed with the antibody of interest , and developed by enhanced chemiluminescence ( ecl ) .	method

the present report shows	implication
that when cos-1 cells were transfected with ptp-pest , we could follow a translocation of this ptp to the membrane periphery following plating on the extracellular matrix fibronectin .	implication
we then analyzed ,	method
using a fibroblast cell line where ptp-pest was removed by gene targeting ( cote et al. , 1998 ) , migration capabilities , and the number of focal adhesions in cell lines homozygous ( -/- ) and heterozygous ( +/- ) for the ptp-pest mutation .	method
since the ( -/- ) cells showed a marked decrease in migration and increase in focal adhesions	result
we then verified the phosphorylation state of important tyrosine phosphorylated proteins found in focal adhesions .	goal
in addition to p130cas , a known substrate of ptp-pest , other focal adhesion proteins were found	result
to be hyperphosphorylated , fak and paxillin .	result
paxillin was recently shown to be associated with ptp-pest ( shen et al. , 1998 ) but does not seem	result
to be a direct physiological substrate for this ptp ( cote , j.-f. , c.e. turner , and m.l. tremblay , manuscript submitted for publication ) .	result
the constitutive hyperphosphorylation of these focal adhesion proteins also seems	result
to increase the spreading rate of ( -/- ) cells on fibronectin .	result
interestingly , we found an abnormal incidence of cytokinesing cells	result
which were linked at their cleavage furrow site in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) fibroblasts .	result
coincidentally , pstpip was found	result
to be hyperphosphorylated in the same cell line .	result
from these results , we conclude	implication
that ptp-pest plays an important role in cell migration , possibly by helping the breakdown of focal adhesions via the dephosphorylation of paxillin and/or p130cas , as well as in cytoskeletal rearrangement during cytokinesis , potentially by regulating the phosphorylation level of pstpip .	hypothesis

the shift in catalytic specificity of sos-1 , upon interaction with eps8 and e3b1 does not exclude the possibility	hypothesis
that additional mechanisms might participate in its action on rac in vivo .	hypothesis
this is supported by the observation	implication
that the rac-specific gef activity , detected in total cellular lysates and in the immunoprecipitated trimeric s/e/e8 complex , is not apparently affected by rtk activation ( unpublished data ) .	result
gtp-bound active rac accumulates on the plasma membrane at sites	result
where ruffling takes place ( kraynov et al. , 2000 ) .	result
similarly , upon growth factor stimulation , eps8 , e3b1 , and sos-1 are localized at the plasma membrane and colocalize with f-actin within membrane ruffles ( provenzano et al. , 1998 ; scita et al. , 1999 , 2001 ) , whereas	result
grb2 can not be detected in these structures ( scita et al. 2001 ) .	result
this provides a potential docking system for the rac-based signaling machinery and argues	implication
that differential localization of adaptor molecules may further participate in the regulation of sos-1 biological activities .	implication
although more work will be needed to define the exact interplay of all components of the circuitry , our findings of differential regulation of the s/g and s/e complexes suggest an efficient mechanism for a wave-like propagation of signals	implication
in which upstream signaling is rapidly switched off after stimulation , whereas downstream signaling is still permitted ( fig. 9 ) .	implication

transient transfections were performed with lipofectamine2000 ( invitrogen ) on 293 cells , l cells , or stable cell line variants in six-well plates .	method
empty vector , cs2+-hlrp5 , pcdna3-mror2 , or derivatives were transfected	method
( 1 mug/well ) together with the stf luciferase reporter ( 1 mug/well ) and beta-galactosidase ( 0.33 mug ) ( pef-1alpha-lacz ; invitrogen ) plasmids .	method
at 24 h post-transfection , cells were replated into a 96-well plate , allowed	method
to recover for 6 to 8 h , and then treated in duplicate or triplicate with wnt proteins as described in the text .	method
luciferase assays were performed	method
using dual-light reporter gene assay system ( applied biosystems ) .	method
relative luciferase units were measured and normalized against beta-galactosidase activity at 48 h post-transfection .	method
error bars represent standard deviation , and	method
each assay was performed at least two times .	method

with as many as 19 mammalian homologs known , the question of	fact
whether all wnt family members have evolved to signal in the same fashion is an important one .	fact
in this report , we address controversies in the literature regarding	goal
how one wnt family member , wnt5a , functions .	goal
through quantitative kinetic analyses , we provide evidence for the first time	method
that wnt5a protein can directly inhibit canonical wnt/beta-catenin signaling and that the single-pass transmembrane receptor ror2 is required to mediate this activity .	implication
although wnt5a can inhibit canonical wnt signaling when ror2 is expressed at detectable levels	implication
fz 4 and lrp5 coreceptor expression allows wnt5a to signal in a canonical fashion .	implication
this ability of wnt5a to toggle between two considerably diverse forms of signaling is particularly intriguing	problem
when one considers that wnt5a has been classified as both a tumor suppressor and an oncogene in various cell types [ 57 - 59 ] .	fact
while previously somewhat paradoxical , it is now clear	implication
that in the former role , wnt5a expression may inhibit uncontrolled wnt/beta-catenin signaling in the presence of ror2 , whereas in the latter , wnt5a could promote canonical wnt signaling when fz4 and lrp5 are expressed .	implication
future study into specific receptor-ligand interactions will thus contribute to	goal
understanding the complexities of wnt signaling .	goal

the sh3 domain of pex13p has been reported	result
to interact with the pts1 receptor pex5p and with pex14p ( elgersma et al. , 1996 ; erdmann and blobel , 1996 ; gould et al. , 1996 ; albertini et al. , 1997 ; fransen et al. , 1998 ; fig. 8 ) .	result
a mutation in the rt loop of the sh3 domain of pex13p , as well as a mutation of a putative class ii sh3 ligand	result
motif of pex14p abolished the two-hybrid interaction of both proteins ( fig. 8 ) , supporting the notion of a typical sh3 domain-ligand interaction between pex13p and pex14p .	result
interestingly ,	result
although the e320k mutation of the rt loop of the sh3 domain of pex13p abolishes its two-hybrid interaction with pex14p , the mutated sh3 domain still interacts with pex5p ( fig. 8 b ) .	result
accordingly , we conclude	implication
that there are distinct binding sites for both pex5p and pex14p within this domain or adjacent regions contained within the construct used for the assay .	implication

human hct116 cells ( wild-type and p53-deficient mutant cells )	method
27 ] and hela cells were maintained in dulbecco 's modified mem with high glucose and low glucose respectively ( sigma-aldrich , st. louis , mo usa ) at 37 degreesc in the presence of 10 % fetal bovine serum .	method
cell numbers were counted by the trypan blue dye-exclusion method with a hematocytometer .	method
etoposide dissolved in dimethylsulfoxide was added to the medium to 30-50 mum .	method
transfection of nucleic acids was performed by	method
using lipofectamine and plus reagent ( invitrogen , carlsbad ca , usa ) .	method

to determine whether e3b1 mediates the interaction between eps8 and sos-1 , as it would be expected according to the tricomplex model	goal
we performed coimmunoprecipitation experiments under conditions in which the association between eps8 and e3b1 was disrupted .	method
the binding site of e3b1 to the sh3 domain of eps8 was previously mapped to the amino acid sequence , pppppvdytedee ,	method
where the d and the y residues are critical for efficient binding ( mongiovi et al. , 1999 ) .	fact
thus , a peptide encompassing this region should specifically disrupt the eps8-e3b1 association .	hypothesis
indeed , no e3b1could be recovered in anti-myc immunoprecipitates from lysates of eps8myc-reconstituted cells ,	result
when the immunoprecipitation was performed in the presence of an excess of the competing peptide .	method
the association was , however , preserved	result
when a control peptide , bearing a y -- > a substitution and unable to bind to eps8 ( mongiovi et al. , 1999 ) , was used ( fig. 1 c ) .	result
similarly , no sos-1 could be recovered in anti-myc immunoprecipitates in the presence of the competing , but not of the control , peptide ( fig. 1 c ) .	result
thus , under physiological conditions , the coimmunoprecipitation of eps8 and sos-1 depends on the integrity of the eps8-e3b1 interaction ,	implication
pointing to the existence of a physiological s/e/e8 complex .	implication
it can not be formally excluded	hypothesis
that eps8 , e3b1 , and sos-1 associate after cell lysis , thus allowing coimmunoprecipitation .	hypothesis
however , we have previously demonstrated ( scita et al. , 2001 )	result
that the three endogenous proteins also colocalize in vivo in dynamic actin structures .	result
thus , the sum of our results strongly argues in favor of the existence of a physiological s/e/e8 complex .	implication

we next utilized	method
a ror2 deletion construct that lacks the extracellular cysteine-rich wnt-binding domain ( mror2deltacrd ) to determine whether the crd domain was necessary for wnt5a signal transmission .	goal
when transiently transfected into 293 cells in conjunction with the stf reporter	result
mror2deltacrd does not enhance wnt5a-mediated inhibition of the stf reporter ( figure 5c ) .	result
thus , the crd domain binds directly to wnt5a and is required for ror2	implication
to transduce wnt5a 's inhibitory activity .	implication

nih3t3 cells , stably expressing the c1199 tiam1 protein and c682 tiam1 protein , have been described previously ( van leeuwen et al. , 1995 ) .	method
nih3t3 cells and cos-7 cells were cultured in a humidified co2 incubator in dme supplemented with 10 % newborn calf serum or 10 % fetal calf serum , respectively .	method
for transient expression assays , nih3t3 cells were seeded in dishes with or without coverslips ( 8,000 cells/cm2 ) .	method
18 h after	method
seeding , cells were transfected with lipofectamin ( life technologies , inc. , grand island , ny ) .	method
cos-7 cells were seeded in dishes with or without coverslips and transfected	method
using deae dextran ( seed and aruffo , 1987 ) .	method
16 h after transfection ,	method
the medium was either replaced and cells were incubated for an additional 30 h before washing and fixation , or cells were incubated for 24 h in serum-free medium , followed by the addition of serum for 2 h .	method
western blot analyses were performed	method
to monitor the size and expression levels of the mutant proteins , using either polyclonal antibodies directed against the cooh-terminal part of tiam1 ( habets et al. , 1994 ) or monoclonal antibodies against the ha-tag ( 12ca5 ; boehringer mannheim corp. ) at the cooh terminus of all mutant tiam1 proteins .	method
proteins were visualized	method
using the enhanced chemiluminescence protocol ( amersham corp. , arlingtin heights , il ) .	method

each cell lysate was first precleared with gst	method
alone to eliminate nonspecific binding ( see materials and methods ) .	method
0.5 mg of the remaining proteins was then incubated with each gst-fusion protein	method
and the bound proteins were resolved by sds-page ( fig. 6 ) .	method
between the ptp-pest ( +/- ) and ( -/- ) cell lines , the greatest difference in affinity is observed between the sh2 domain of src and p130cas and , to a lesser extent , between the sh2 domain of crk and p130cas ,	result
strongly suggesting that the tyrosines within these sh2-binding domains on p130cas are hyperphosphorylated .	implication
the other lanes show a small and fairly constant ( ~50 % ) increase in affinity ,	result
that may or may not be indirect and could reflect a general constitutive increase in focal complexes in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells .	implication
the exact tyrosines	problem
that are hyperphosphorylated on paxillin and fak are still under investigation .	problem
they may not be found in putative sh2-binding domains , but can play other roles in focal adhesion turnover .	hypothesis

fz receptor signaling capabilities have also often been debated .	fact
previous studies pertaining to fz4 's role in the disease familial exudative vitreoretinopathy have suggested	hypothesis
that the fz4 receptor does not mediate wnt/beta-catenin signaling but rather elicits intracellular calcium flux that subsequently activates downstream calcium effector molecules [ 34 , 40 ] .	implication
by contrast , we show here	result
that in multiple cell lines , fz4 allows wnt5a to specifically activate tcf/lef transcription in the presence of lrp5 and that mfz4 expression does not enhance calcium flux ( figure 3c ) .	result
the true signaling capabilities of the fz4 receptor may have been previously overlooked due to the use of an inappropriate wnt ligand in the analysis , wnt1 as opposed to wnt5a .	problem
additionally ,	problem
as calcium signaling capabilities were attributed to fz4 in the absence of exogenous ligand stimulation , it remains to be seen whether wnt ligands are required for fz-mediated ca 2+ flux .	problem

in	hypothesis
addition to activating alternative signaling pathways , wnt5a may also inhibit wnt/beta-catenin signaling .	hypothesis
early experiments in xenopus embryos showed	result
that coexpression of xwnt5a with xwnt8 abrogates the ability of xwnt8 to induce a secondary axis [ 13 - 15 ] .	result
wnt5a knockout mice show increased beta-catenin signaling in the distal limb ,	result
indicating that wnt5a may inhibit beta-catenin stabilization [ 16 ] .	implication
in contrast , experiments from ishitani et al. have shown	result
that wnt5a-induced ca 2+ flux blocks canonical signaling downstream of beta-catenin stabilization by inhibiting tcf-mediated transcription in a ptx-sensitive manner [ 16 - 18 ] .	result
as wnt5a heterozygous mice develop myeloid leukemias and b-cell lymphomas , an intriguing hypothesis is	fact
that wnt5a serves as a tumor suppressor in part by preventing excess wnt/beta-catenin signaling [ 19 ] .	hypothesis

to generate waspdeltagbd mice , a wasp cdna deleted for sequences encoding amino acids	goal
238-252 ( waspdeltagbd ) was introduced downstream of the cd2 promoter elements in the p29delta2 vector and the transgene construct was then injected into cd1 embryos .	method
transgene+ founders were identified by southern analysis and pcr using primer pairs : 5'-ggagcacatcag aagggctggctt-3 ' ( forward ) and 5'cggaggaaccagaggtggacct-3 '	method
reverse ) .	method
founders were then backcrossed to the c57bl/6 background and	method
pups were screened for waspdeltagbd expression by immunoblotting analysis of lymphoid cell lysates using anti-wasp antibody .	method
selected waspdeltagbd transgenic lines were then mated with wasp-deficient ( was-/- ) mice ( 18 )	method
to derive animals expressing waspdeltagbd on the was-/ - background ( was-/-deltagbd ) .	goal
mice expressing the ova-specific ot-ii tcr transgene on the c57bl/6 background ( provided by f. carbone , university of melbourne , melbourne , australia , and t. watts , university of toronto , toronto , canada ; reference 19 ) were bred with was-/ - , was-/-deltagbd , and fyn-/ - ( jackson immunoresearch laboratories ) mice	method
to generate was-/-/ot-ii , was-/-deltagbd/ot-ii , and fyn-/-/ot-ii animals .	goal
c57bl/6 itk-/ - mice were provided by d. fowell ( university of rochester medical center , rochester , ny ) .	method

as an additional approach , murine bmms obtained from ship +/+ and ship -/	method
mice were transiently transfected with the nfkappab-luciferase construct .	result
transfection of bmms using the amaxa nucleofector ( solution t , program t-20 ; amaxa biosystems , cologne , germany ) yielded comparable transfection efficiency for both ship+/+ and ship-/ - cells , as determined with plasmid encoding egfp ( enhanced green fluorescent protein ; unpublished data ) .	result
transfected bmms were subsequently infected with f. novicida and assayed for luciferase activity .	method
bmms lacking ship displayed significantly higher levels ( p < 0.05 ) of luciferase activity than the ship+/+ bmms ,	result
indicating that ship negatively regulates f. novicida-induced activation of nfkappab ( figure 7c ) .	implication

in this report , we have been able	result
to identify the signal triggering mapk nuclear translocation and its dissociation from the putative cytoplasmic anchor , and the process that regulates mapk nuclear retention .	result
the signal required	implication
to initiate mapk nuclear translocation is clearly the activation of the p42/p44 mapk module .	implication
this was best demonstrated by the use of the deltaraf-1 : er-expressing cells .	result
activation of the module downstream of raf alone is sufficient	fact
to initiate mapk nuclear stimulation .	fact
this translocation is rapid since in most experiments , entry into the nucleus can be observed as early as 10 min after stimulation ( our unpublished results )	result
and more importantly , this action does not require new protein synthesis .	implication
these findings were best visualized by	method
using antibodies specifically recognizing the doubly phosphorylated and thus active form of mapk .	method
entry into the nucleus of active p42/p44 mapk is seen as soon as 5 min after serum stimulation ( data not shown ) .	result
this result confirms and extends the observations of fukuda et al. ( 15 ) , demonstrating the nuclear localization of xenopus mapk	result
when injected in conjunction with constitutively active mek or v-ras .	result
more recently , mapk was also shown	result
to be constitutively nuclear in ras-transformed cells ( 5 ) .	result

after 10 min of blocking of fc receptors by 20 % human ab serum , cells were permeabilized with 20 mug/ml digitonin and stained	method
using the first-step mabs followed by fluorescein goat anti-mouse igg .	method
samples were measured on a facsort ( tm ) flow cytometer ( becton dickinson ) in a standard three-color setup .	method
leukocyte populations were resolved on the basis of their scatter properties .	method
the subcellular localization of pag in raji cells was determined by confocal laser	method
scan microscopy as described elsewhere 38 , using pag mab mem-250 ( 10 mug/ml , diluted in pbs/bsa ) and cy2 donkey anti-mouse igg ( dianova ) .	method
nuclei were stained with propidium iodide ( 0.1 mug/ml ) .	method
cells were analyzed on	method
a laserscan microscope ( ernst leitz gmbh ) using 570 nm ( red emission ) and 508 nm ( green emission ) filters , respectively .	method

francisella tularensis is an intracellular gram-negative bacterium	fact
that causes the disease tularemia .	fact
the bacteria infect macrophages and replicate within the host cell .	fact
macrophages respond to the infection by	fact
producing pro-inflammatory cytokines in an effort to combat the infection .	fact
the intracellular signaling events	problem
that are involved in host cell responses are not fully understood .	problem
much less understood are mechanisms	problem
that regulate these responses .	problem
in this study , the authors define	hypothesis
a negative regulatory role for the inositol phosphatase ship during francisella infection of mouse macrophages .	hypothesis
the study demonstrates	implication
that ship is activated in infected cells and serves to down-regulate pro-inflammatory cytokine production .	implication
the authors have examined the molecular mechanism underlying this negative regulation , and show	implication
that ship acts upstream of nfkappab , an important transcription factor involved in inflammatory cytokine gene transcription , and dampens its activation .	implication
this effect of ship appears	implication
to be mediated through the regulation of the pi3 kinase pathway .	implication
this study establishes a novel and critical role for ship in the regulation of macrophage inflammatory response to francisella bacteria .	implication

we have previously shown	result
that the activation of p42/p44 mapk required for transduction of mitogenic signaling is associated with a rapid nuclear translocation of these kinases .	result
however , the means	problem
by which p42 and p44 mapk translocate into the nucleus after cytoplasmic activation is still not understood and can not simply be deduced from their protein sequences .	problem
in this study , we have demonstrated	result
that activation of the p42/ p44 mapk pathway was necessary and sufficient for triggering nuclear translocation of p42 and p44 mapk .	result
first ,	fact
addition of the mek inhibitor pd 98059 , which blocks activation of the p42/p44 mapk pathway , impedes the nuclear accumulation , whereas direct activation of the p42/p44 mapk pathway by the chimera deltaraf-1 : er is sufficient to promote nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	fact
in addition , we have shown	result
that this nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk required the neosynthesis of short-lived proteins .	result
indeed , inhibitors of protein synthesis abrogate nuclear accumulation in response	result
to serum and accelerate p42/p44 mapk nuclear efflux under conditions of persistent p42/p44 mapk activation .	result
in contrast , inhibition of targeted proteolysis by the proteasome synergistically potentiated p42/p44 mapk nuclear localization by nonmitogenic agonists and markedly prolonged nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk after mitogenic stimulation .	fact
we therefore conclude	hypothesis
that the mapk nuclear translocation requires both activation of the p42/p44 mapk module and neosynthesis of short-lived proteins that we postulate to be nuclear anchors .	hypothesis

because trf2 overexpression blunted several cellular responses that depend ( in part ) on the atm kinase	fact
we determined trf2 's effect on the activation of atm itself .	goal
phosphorylation of atm on s1981 , an early and essential step in the activation of this kinase , can be detected rapidly after ir ,	result
even when a low level of dna damage is induced ( bakkenist and kastan 2003 ) .	result
to test whether trf2 affected the autophosphorylation of atm , the two proteins were expressed in 293t cells	goal
and atm was activated with low doses of ir .	method
trf2 inhibited the activation of atm as monitored by	result
immunoblotting with an antibody specific for atm s1981-p ( figure 3a ) .	result
the relative level of atm s1981-p ( normalized to total atm protein ) at 0.3 gy was 49 % of the vector control value ( p	result
= 0.002 , student 's t test ; n = 7 ) .	result
the trf2 paralog trf1 , which also binds the duplex telomeric repeats , did not have a significant effect on atm activation , demonstrating	result
that the effect on atm is specific to trf2 ( figure 3a ) .	result
overexpression of trf2 also diminished the ir-induced atm autophosphorylation of endogenous atm in imr90 fibroblasts to 55 % of vector control value at 0.3 gy and 60 % of vector control value at 0.6 gy ( figure 3b ) .	result

raw 264.7 murine macrophage cells were obtained from atcc ( washington , d. c. , united states ) and maintained in rpmi with 3.5 % heat-inactivated fetal bovine serum ( fbs ) .	method
antibodies specific for phospho-erk , phospho-jnk , phospho-ship , phospho-akt , and phospho-p38 were purchased from cell signaling technology ( beverly , massachusetts , united states ) .	method
actin , phosphotyrosine , and akt antibodies were from santa cruz biotechnology ( santa cruz , california , united states ) .	method
rabbit polyclonal ship	method
antibody was a generous gift from dr. k. mark coggeshall ( oklahoma medical research foundation , oklahoma city , oklahoma , united states ) .	method
f. novicida u112 ( jsg1819 ) was used in all experiments .	method
bacteria were grown on chocolate ii agar plates at 37 degreesc .	method

to examine the biologic relevance of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation in t cells and specifically determine whether y291 phosphorylation modulates wasp function , was-/	goal
t cells were reconstituted with the wasp y -- > f mutants and the cells were then assayed for nfat transcriptional activity and actin polymerization .	method
as revealed using an nfat luciferase reporter	method
induction of nfat activity after cd3 or cd3/cd28 stimulation was profoundly reduced in wasp y291f relative to wild-type wasp-expressing cells , but unaffected in the context of other wasp tyrosine mutations ( fig. 2 d ) .	result
similarly , immunofluorescence analysis of phalloidin-labeled was-/ - thymocytes expressing either wild-type or tyrosine-substituted wasp mutants , revealed induction of actin polymerization	result
to be disrupted by either wasp deficiency or waspy291f expression ( fig. 2 e ) , but to proceed normally in cells expressing wild-type wasp , waspy88f , waspy212f ( fig. 2 e ) , or any of the other wasp mutants ( not depicted ) .	result
therefore , y291 phosphorylation modulates and is , in fact , required for wasp contribution to the induction of transcriptional activation and actin polymerization after tcr engagement .	implication

interleukin ( il ) -1 is a proinflammatory cytokine with pleiotropic effects in inflammation .	fact
il-1 binding to its receptor triggers a cascade of	fact
signaling events , including activation of the stress-activated mitogen-activated protein ( map ) kinases , c-jun nh2-terminal kinase ( jnk ) and p38 map kinase , as well as transcription factor nuclear factor kappab ( nf-kappab ) .	fact
il-1 signaling results in cellular responses through induction of inflammatory gene products such as il-6 .	fact
one of the earliest events in il-1 signaling is the rapid interaction of il-1 receptor-associated kinases , irak and irak-2 , with the receptor complex .	fact
the relative roles of irak and irak-2 in il-1 signaling pathways and subsequent cellular responses have not been previously determined .	problem
to evaluate the importance of irak in il-1 signaling	goal
irak-deficient mouse fibroblast cells were prepared and studied .	method
here we report	result
that il-1-mediated activation of jnk , p38 , and nf-kappab were all reduced in embryonic fibroblasts deficient in irak expression .	result
in addition , il-6 production in response to il-1 was also dramatically reduced in irak-deficient embryonic fibroblasts and in skin fibroblasts prepared from irak-deficient mice .	result
our results demonstrate	implication
that irak plays an essential proximal role in coordinating multiple il-1 signaling pathways for optimal induction of cellular responses .	implication

in addition to pkb , ampk has been shown	result
to phosphorylate and activate enos at ser1177 in cultured endothelial cells [ 8,9 ] .	result
ampk is activated by phosphorylation at thr172 by at least two recently characterised upstream kinases , lkb1 and ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase ( camkk ) , especially the beta isoform [ 10-13 ] .	result
it has been proposed that the phosphorylation of ampk by lkb1 is triggered by metabolic stresses that increase the intracellular amp	hypothesis
atp ratio [ 10,11 ] , while phosphorylation and activation of ampk by camkk is ca2+-dependent and independent of changes in cellular amp [ 11-13 ] .	hypothesis
a key role of ampk in the mediation of enos phosphorylation has been demonstrated in response to hypoxia , metformin , adiponectin , and shear stress	result
[ 9,14-17 ] .	result
in addition , ampk has been proposed	hypothesis
to mediate angiogenesis stimulated by adiponectin and hypoxia [ 15,18 ] .	hypothesis
ampk , therefore , represents a candidate pi3k-independent kinase	hypothesis
that underlies vegf-stimulated enos phosphorylation .	hypothesis
in this study , we have investigated	hypothesis
whether vegf-stimulated no production is mediated , in part , by ampk in cultured human aortic endothelial cells ( haecs ) .	hypothesis

as should be expected	hypothesis
dn n17 rac-1 inhibits the ras-mediated disassembly of stress fibers ( fig. 6 , a and b ) .	result
to obtain some information whether pkc-lambda and pkc-zeta cooperate with rac-1 in the same pathway	goal
cells were cotransfected with combinations of either ca apkc-lambda a119e and n17 rac-1 or ca apkc-zeta a119e and n17 rac-1 .	method

bmms were infected with f. novicida for varying time points .	method
cell supernatants were harvested , centrifuged to remove dead cells , and analyzed by elisa	method
using cytokine-specific kits from r & d systems ( minneapolis , minnesota , united states ) .	method
data were analyzed	method
using a paired student t-test .	method
a p-value < 0.05 was considered	method
as significant .	method

cmv-based eukaryotic expression vectors and gst fusion or his-tagged bacterial expression vectors were generated by recombinant pcr .	method
where indicated	method
epitope tagging ( either myc or ha ) was also obtained by recombinant pcr .	method
the mutant of e3b1 ( e3b1-dy ) ,	method
in which the d and y residues were replaced by a , was generated by pcr-based site directed mutagenesis and cloned in the retroviral pbabe vector .	method
all constructs were sequence verified .	method
details are available upon request .	none
ha-sos-1 was from dr. d. bar-sagi ( yang et al. , 1995 ) .	method
antibodies were anti-eps8 ( fazioli et al. , 1993 ) , anti-e3b1 ( biesova et al. , 1997 ) , and anti-egfr sera ( di fiore et al. , 1990 ) ; rabbit polyclonals anti-sos-1 , anti-grb2 , and anti-erk-1 ; anti-pak65 , anti-pdgfr ( santa cruz biotechnology ) ; monoclonals anti-phosphomapk ( new england biolabs ) , anti-v-h-ras ( oncogene science ) , anti-histidine ( sigma aldrich ) , anti-brdu ( becton and dickinson ) , anti-ha11 , and anti-myc 9e10 ( babco ) ; and anti-rac ( transduction laboratories ) .	method

ship+/+ and ship-/ - bmms were infected with f. novicida ( 100 moi ) .	method
two hours post infection , cells were washed two times and incubated with 50 mug/ml of gentamicin for 30 min at 37 degreesc and 5 % co2 .	method
the cells were subsequently washed twice and lysed in 0.1 % sds for 5 min .	method
immediately , 10-fold serial dilutions were made , and	method
appropriate dilutions were plated on chocolate ii agar plates .	method
assays were performed in triplicate for each test group .	method

ph domains have been identified in other signaling molecules as protein-protein and/or protein-phospholipid interaction motifs	result
that are required for the controlled targeting of these proteins to the plasma membrane ( lemmon et al. , 1996 ) .	result
in tissue sections of skin and certain carcinomas , endogenous tiam1 is predominantly present in the cytoplasm .	result
also in some cell lines ,	result
where we can envision endogenous tiam1 by western blotting , including t-lymphoma cells and neuronal cells , it is mainly localized in the cytoplasmic fraction ( data not shown ) , suggesting that tiam1 may translocate to the plasma membrane after receptor stimulation .	result
so far , however , we have not been able	result
to identify a receptor-mediated signaling pathway involving tiam1 activation .	result
to investigate whether membrane translocation of exogenous tiam1 could be visualized in nih3t3 cells	goal
we analyzed whether serum could affect the localization and capacity of tiam1 to induce membrane ruffling .	method
as shown in fig. 8 a	result
nih3t3 cells transiently expressing the c1199 tiam1 protein showed no membrane ruffling after serum starvation for 24 h .	result
almost no tiam1 protein was present at the plasma membrane , and	result
f-actin was mostly concentrated in lamellipodia in the tiam1-expressing cells .	result
since these optical sections were taken at the basal site of the cells to illustrate the lamellipodia	result
stress fibers are also visible .	result
note	none
that after serum starvation for 24 h , nih3t3 cells still contain some stress fibers , in contrast to swiss 3t3 cells .	result
immuno-em confirmed	result
that most of the cells contained significantly less tiam1 at the plasma membrane after serum starvation ( fig. 8 , d and f ) .	result
the residual membrane-associated tiam1 might be sufficient for the presence of lamellipodia under these conditions .	result
addition of serum induced membrane localization and subsequent ruffling of c1199 tiam1-expressing cells after 2 h ( fig. 8 , b and e ) ,	result
at which time point seruminduced stress fibers have already decreased .	result
a quantification of these results is presented in fig.	result
8 f. similar results were obtained with fl1591 tiam1 , c1199-deltaphc , and c1199deltadhr tiam1 ( data not shown ) .	result
in contrast ,	result
after 24 h of serum starvation the ms-c580 tiam1 protein remained at the plasma membrane and still induced membrane ruffling ( fig. 8 c ) .	result
this suggests	implication
that the serum-induced membrane translocation of tiam1 is mediated by the nh2-terminal ph domain .	implication

in the ptp-pest mutant cell line , p130cas , paxillin , and fak were found in a hyperphosphorylated state .	result
the phosphorylation of paxillin was shown	result
to be associated with cell spreading on an extracellular matrix ( richardson et al. , 1997 ) , which is consistent with data reported here .	result
paxillin can associate with ptp-pest ( shen et al. , 1998 ) , but it does not constitute a direct physiological substrate for this ptp	result
( cote , j.-f. , c.e. turner , and m.l. tremblay , manuscript submitted for publication ) and the exact site that is hyperphosphorylated is still not clear .	problem

two recent reports suggested a correlation between p130cas phosphorylation level and cell migration rate .	result
in both studies , a kinase was transfected in the cells .	method
one used v-src , for which p130cas is a direct substrate ( fincham and frame , 1998 ) ,	method
while the other overexpressed fak , that , once activated , binds both c-src and its substrate p130cas ( cary et al. , 1998 ) .	method
in both studies , hyperphosphorylation of p130cas was associated with an increase in rate of migration .	result
since p130cas is a substrate for ptp-pest ( garton et al. , 1996 )	fact
removal of this ptp results in hyperphosphorylation of p130cas ( cote et al. , 1998 ) .	result
we decided	goal
to investigate whether the absence of this ptp would result in a change in the motility of these cells .	goal
the two cell lines used were heterozygous and homozygous for the ptp-pest deletion .	method
to minimize any dominant negative effects from the targeted allele	goal
comparisons were made between the homozygous and the heterozygous cell lines .	method

the sequence of events linking cell surface receptor - mediated signals to expression of specific genes has received considerable attention over the years .	none
one of such signaling modules is the p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase ( mapk ) 1 pathway , which transmits signaling from receptor tyrosine kinases , some g protein-coupled receptors , cytokine receptors , and integrins through the following activation cascade	fact
ras/raf/mapk kinase ( mek ) /p42/p44 mapk ( for reviews see 25 , 41 ) .	fact
among all the members of this signaling cascade , p44 and p42 mapk isoforms ( equivalent to erk1 and erk2 ) have been shown	result
to be the only ones able to accumulate in the nucleus after mitogenic stimulation ( 8 , 18 , 27 ) .	result
in relation to this nuclear event , it has been demonstrated	result
that p42/p44 mapk phosphorylate multiple transcription factors , elk-1 being one of the best characterized examples ( 16 , 29 ) , for which phosphorylation by p42/p44 mapk has been demonstrated to increase its transcriptional activity ( 17 , 21 ) .	result
recently , jaaro et al. ( 23 ) have shown that truncated or mutated forms of mek can localize in the nucleus , but	result
they confirm our initial report that the wild-type form of mek remains in the cytoplasm ( 27 ) , a feature dependent on a nuclear export signal in its sequence ( 14 , 23 ) .	result
thus , although mek may enter in the nucleus , it is readily exported and thus can not be found	result
accumulated in it ( 14 , 27 , 35 , 48 ) .	result
the mechanism	problem
by which p42/p44 mapk are sequestered in the cytoplasm in resting cells and translocate to the nucleus upon mitogenic stimulation is still unknown .	problem
certainly , it can not be explained by the unmasking of a canonical nuclear localization signal ( nls ) ( 6 )	problem
that would accelerate this transfer to the nucleus ( for reviews on nucleocytoplasmic transfer see 38 , 40 ) .	problem
nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk is reversible ( 8 , 18 , 27 ) , and	fact
the only known reversible modification of p42 and p44 mapk is their dual phosphorylation upon activation by mek ( 1 , 10 , 47 ) .	result
we and others have demonstrated	result
that nonphosphorylatable and inactive mutated forms of p44 mapk are still able to translocate to the nucleus ( 18 , 26 , 27 ) .	result
recently , khokhlatchev et al. ( 26 ) reported	result
that microinjected mutants of p42 mapk can dimerize with phosphorylated wild-type p42 mapk to enter the nucleus .	result
further studies are needed	problem
to clarify the role of mapk dimerization in the mechanism of nuclear translocation .	problem

we have shown previously	result
that full-length tiam1 ( fl1591 ) or a large cooh-terminal fragment of the tiam1 protein ( c1199 ) causes rac1-dependent induction of membrane ruffling in nih3t3 fibroblast cells ( michiels et al. , 1995 ) .	result
established nih3t3 cell lines expressing either of these proteins are flat and epithelial-like and contain many membrane ruffles ( fig. 1 b ) , a phenotype	result
that is also induced by transfection or microinjection of constitutively activated ( v12 ) rac1 ( ridley et al. , 1992 ; michiels et al. , 1995 ; van leeuwen et al. , 1995 ) .	result
in contrast , a smaller cooh-terminal part of the tiam1 protein ( c682 ) ,	result
which contains only the dh domain and the adjacent ph domain , did not induce this phenotype ( fig. 1 c ) .	result
as shown by confocal laser scanning immunofluorescence microscopy	method
the truncated large c1199 tiam1 protein was present in the cytoplasm and colocalized with f-actin in membrane ruffles ( fig. 1 b ) .	result
in contrast , the short c682 tiam1 protein seemed	result
to be restricted to the cytoplasm ( fig. 1 c ) .	result
western blot analyses ( see fig. 4 , lanes 1-3 ) indicated	result
that both proteins were intact and equally expressed .	result
this suggested	result
that the difference in phenotypes induced by these truncated proteins is probably caused by a different intracellular localization , and not by differences in stability .	implication
immunoelectron microscopy ( immuno-em ) indeed confirmed	method
that the c1199 tiam1 protein is present in the cytoplasm as well as at the cell membrane and particularly in the membrane ruffles , whereas the c682 tiam1 protein is almost exclusively located in the cytoplasm ( fig. 2 ) .	result
we hypothesized , therefore ,	hypothesis
that membrane localization of tiam1 is required for morphological transformation of nih3t3 cells , including the formation of membrane ruffles .	hypothesis

peroxisomal matrix proteins are synthesized on free polyribosomes and imported after translation into preexisting organelles ( lazarow and fujiki , 1985 ) .	fact
the presence of two distinct peroxisomal targeting signals ( ptss ) 1 indicates the involvement of two pathways in the sorting process of peroxisomal matrix proteins .	fact
pts1 , present in the majority of peroxisomal matrix proteins , comprises the three cooh-terminal amino acids with the sequence skl or conserved variants	fact
for review see mcnew and goodman , 1996 ) .	none
only one known peroxisomal matrix protein in saccharomyces cerevisiae , thiolase , targets the peroxisomal lumen by the pts2 ,	fact
which is typically localized close to the nh2 terminus of a protein , and consists of a conserved nonapeptide with the consensus sequence rlx5h/ql ( for review see de hoop and ab , 1992 ) .	fact

to determine the functional effects of vegf-stimulated ampk activity	goal
we investigated the role of ampk in vegf-stimulated enos phosphorylation and no production .	method
previous studies have proposed that vegf-stimulated enos phosphorylation at ser1177 is mediated by pkb [ 5,6 ] , yet complete inhibition of pkb with the pi3k inhibitor	result
wortmannin only partially inhibited vegf-stimulated no production [ 3,5,7 ] .	result
in agreement with this , preincubation of haecs with the pi3k inhibitor wortmannin incompletely but significantly reduced vegf-stimulated no production by ~65 % ( fig. 3 ) at a concentration	result
that completely inhibited phosphorylation of pkb at ser473 ( data not shown ) .	result
these data suggest	implication
that both pi3k/pkb and a pi3k-independent kinase mediate vegf-stimulated no production .	implication
infection of haecs with ad.alpha1dn caused a significant ( ~40 % ) reduction in vegf-stimulated no production ( fig. 3 ) .	result
in the presence of wortmannin , infection with ad.alpha1dn significantly reduced vegf-stimulated no production to basal levels .	result
quantification of enos phosphorylation status in ad.alpha1dn-infected cells revealed	result
vegf-stimulated phosphorylation at ser1177 was significantly reduced by approximately 70 % ( fig. 4 ) .	result

a quantitative evaluation of ras-mediated stress fiber depolymerization and the effects of ( dn ) apkc-lambda k275w , ( dn ) apkc-zeta k275w , apkc-lambda , and apkc-zeta antisense on ras-induced actin fiber organization was performed by	method
measuring f-actin fiber length with the aid of the metamorph image processing software ( fig. 4 , a and b ) .	method

expression of pag within hematopoietic cells was further examined by intracellular immunostaining of permeabilized peripheral blood leukocytes .	method
these experiments revealed strong expression of pag in lymphocytes and monocytes and weak expression in neutrophils ( fig. 5 b ) .	result
in vitro kinase assay and western blot analysis indicated	result
that pag is also expressed in platelets ( not shown ) .	result

gst-atm fusion plasmids ( khanna et al. 1998 ) were transformed into bl-21 cells .	method
a 10-ml overnight culture was used	method
to inoculate 500 ml of lb-amp ( 50 mug/ml ) and at od600 , 0.5-0.7 ,	method
0.3 mm iptg ( final ) was added .	method
after 3 h at 30 degreesc , cells were harvested , resuspended in 8 ml of lysis buffer ( 50 mm tris [ ph 7.9 ] , 100 mm kcl , 1 % triton x-100 , 2 mm dtt , 0.1 mm pmsf , 1 complete protease inhibitor tablet [ roche ] ) and sonicated three times for 30 s on ice .	method
the lysate was cleared by centrifugation at 50,000 g at 4 degreesc and incubated with 600 mul of equilibrated glutathione beads for 2 h at 4 degreesc .	method
the beads were washed three times for 10 min each ( washes 1 and 3 : pbs , 1 % triton x-100 , 2 mm dtt , 0.1 mm pmsf , 1 mm benzamidine , 1 complete protease inhibitor tablet [ roche ] ; wash 2 : 300 mm nacl , 50 mm tris [ ph 7.9 ] , 2 mm dtt , 0.1 mm pmsf , 1 mm benzamidine , 1 complete protease inhibitor tablet [ roche ] ) and a fourth time in wash 4 ( 50 mm tris [ ph 7.9 ] , 100 mm kcl , 10 % glycerol , 2 mm dtt , 0.1 mm pmsf ) .	method
fusion proteins were eluted in 500 mul of wash 4	method
containing 15 mm glutathione ( reduced form ) .	method
two subsequent elutions were collected .	method
five micrograms of gst fusion proteins or gst alone were incubated with 2 mug of baculoviral trf1 or trf2 in binding buffer ( 150 mm nacl , 100 mm kcl , 50 mm tris [ ph 8.0 ] , 1 % np40 , 0.1 % sds , 100 g/ml bsa ) at 4 degreesc for 1 h .	method
glutathione beads ( 20 mul ) were added and incubated for 1 h at 4 degreesc .	method
beads were collected by centrifugation at 5,000 rpm at 4 degreesc and washed three times for 10 min each with binding buffer , and bound	method
protein was eluted by boiling the samples in laemmli buffer .	method
gst fusion proteins , trf1 , and trf2 were detected by immunoblotting .	result

the drosophila larval fat body is involved in tor-dependent nutrient sensing as well as in	fact
relaying a nutritional response during development37 .	fact
we thus examined the role of draga in cell size regulation in this tissue on regular food or after 48-hour amino acid starvation .	method
under starvation conditions , clonal overexpression of wild type draga resulted in a modest increase in individual cell size ,	result
whereas expression of constitutively active draga q61l resulted in a dramatic 3-fold increase in cell size compared to neighboring cells under starvation conditions ( fig. 4c , d ) .	result
interestingly , however , expression of wild type and draga q61l had little effect on cell size under normal fed conditions ( fig. 4c ) , consistent with a specific effect of draga in nutrient response .	result
furthermore , expression of draga t16n potently decreased cell size , and	result
this effect was visible only under nutrient sufficiency but not under nutrient starvation ( fig. 4c , d ) .	result
together , these data are consistent with the effect of raga on s6k phosphorylation observed in mammalian cells	implication
active raga increases s6k in amino acid free medium and dominant negative raga inhibits s6k in rich medium ) and strongly support a role of draga specifically involved in nutrient response .	result

unexpectedly , neither pdgf nor insulin could substitute for serum in the induction of membrane ruffling ( data not shown ) .	result
both growth factors induce lamellipodia formation in nih3t3 cells within 5 min ,	result
which can easily be discriminated from the tiam1-induced ruffling .	result
this might indicate	implication
that tiam1 is not activated by pdgf or insulin .	implication

involvement of the wiskott-aldrich syndrome protein ( wasp ) in promoting cell activation requires its release from autoinhibitory structural constraints and has been attributed	fact
to wasp association with activated cdc42 .	fact
here , however , we show	result
that t cell development and t cell receptor ( tcr ) -induced proliferation and actin polymerization proceed normally in wasp-/ - mice expressing a wasp transgene lacking the cdc42 binding domain .	result
by contrast , mutation of tyrosine residue y291 , identified here as the major site of tcr-induced wasp tyrosine phosphorylation , abrogated induction of wasp tyrosine phosphorylation and its effector activities , including nuclear factor of activated t cell transcriptional activity , actin polymerization , and immunological synapse formation .	result
tcr-induced wasp tyrosine phosphorylation was also disrupted in	result
t cells lacking fyn , a kinase shown here to bind , colocalize with , and phosphorylate wasp .	result
by contrast , wasp was tyrosine dephosphorylated by protein tyrosine phosphatase ( ptp ) -pest , a tyrosine phosphatase shown here to interact with wasp via proline , serine , threonine phosphatase interacting protein ( pstpip ) 1 binding .	result
although fyn enhanced wasp-mediated arp2/3 activation and was required for synapse formation	result
ptp-pest combined with pstpip1 inhibited wasp-driven actin polymerization and synapse formation .	result
these observations identify key roles for fyn and ptp-pest in regulating wasp and imply that inducible wasp tyrosine phosphorylation can occur independently of cdc42 binding	implication
but unlike the cdc42 interaction , is absolutely required for wasp contributions to t cell activation .	implication

the human p21 gene	result
produces mainly alt-a and variant-1 transcripts from the upstream and downstream promoters , respectively ( fig. 2a ) [ 14,23 ] .	result
knockdown of endogenous tlp resulted in decreased production of whole p21 transcripts , mainly due to the decreased level of alt-a transcripts ( fig. 2b ) .	result
an overexpression experiment confirmed	result
that alt-a is specifically dependent on intracellular tlp level .	result
next , we investigated the transcriptional activation function of the above-mentioned tlp mutants .	goal
r55e , which has a native tfiia-binding ability , considerably enhanced alt-a production ( fig. 2c-a , lane 3 ) ,	result
whereas r52e and n37e exhibited almost no effect ( lanes 5 and 6 ) .	result
r52e and n37e showed decreased transcription stimulation activity for the upstream promoter compared with that of wild-type tlp and r55e ( fig. 2c ) .	result
to obtain direct evidence that tfiia-reactive tlp potentiates the upstream promoter	goal
we performed a luciferase reporter assay in mutant tlp-overexpressed cells .	method
it was demonstrated	result
that r55e enhanced promoter activity as much as wild-type tlp did , whereas r52e and n37e had less effect on promoter activity than did wild-type tlp ( fig. 2d ) .	result
these results suggest	implication
that tfiia-binding ability is required for the transcription stimulation function of tlp .	implication

the signaling studies presented above suggest a role for peli1 in	implication
regulating ikk activation in the trif-dependent tlr pathway .	implication
a hallmark of this pathway of ikk activation is the ubiquitination of a trif-interacting adaptor kinase , rip1 18 .	fact
in response to poly ( i : c ) stimulation , rip1 undergoes k63 ubiquitination ,	fact
which is critical for recruitment and activation of ikk .	fact
to date , the ubiquitin ligase of rip1 in the trif-dependent tlr pathway remains unidentified .	fact
since peli1 is an e3 ubiquitin ligase 15-17 that is critical for ikk activation by tlr3	hypothesis
we examined the potential role of peli1 in ubiquitinating rip1 .	method
we first analyzed	goal
whether peli1 is essential for poly ( i : c ) -stimulated ubiquitination of rip1 .	goal
consistent with previous studies 18 , 21	result
stimulation of peli1+/+ mefs with poly ( i : c ) led to accumulation of ubiquitinated rip1 ( fig. 6a ) .	result
in contrast , the poly ( i : c ) -stimulated	result
rip1 ubiquitination was largely blocked in the peli1-/ - cells ( fig. 6a and supplementary fig. 6 ) .	result

past studies in zebrafish and xenopus embryos have suggested that overexpression of wnt5a can trigger intracellular ca 2+ flux ,	result
leading to the activation of ca 2+-dependent effector molecules such as camkii [ 9 , 34 , 35 ] .	result
it has been proposed that active camkii protein	hypothesis
can then initiate the mammalian tgf-beta-activated kinase 1 ( tak ) /nemo-like kinase ( nlk ) mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling cascade , resulting in nlk-mediated phosphorylation of tcf/lef transcription factors .	hypothesis
this phosphorylation of tcf/lef prevents the beta-catenin-tcf/lef transcriptional complex from binding to dna [ 17 , 18 , 36 ] .	result
in this model , inhibition of wnt/beta-catenin signaling due	implication
to wnt5a-stimulated ca 2+ flux occurs downstream of beta-catenin stabilization and at the level of tcf-mediated transcription .	implication
in a variety of organisms and assays , ca 2+ signaling induced by wnts has consistently been shown	fact
to be ptx sensitive , as the fz receptor described as transmitting the inhibitory wnt signal ( rfz2 ) is thought to be coupled to a ptx-sensitive g protein [ 8 , 37 , 38 ] .	fact

with the combination of efs and agonistic anti-ltbetar mab , signals for nf-kappab activation assessed by emsa were not strong enough	result
to evaluate the role of nik in nf-kappab activation through the ltbetar ( our unpublished observation ) .	result
involvement of nik in ltbetar signaling was therefore examined by detection of ikappabalpha phosphorylation in response to agonistic anti-ltbetar mab .	method
in wild-type efs stimulated with agonistic anti-ltbetar mab for 1 h , ikappabalpha phosphorylation was easily detected by western blot analysis ( fig. 2 b ) .	method
in contrast , aly mouse	result
efs showed minimal , if any , phosphorylated ikappabalpha after ltbetar stimulation .	result
taken together , these results demonstrate	implication
that nik is essential for nf-kappab activation in ltbetar signaling , which accounts for the abnormal lymphoid organogenesis in aly mice .	implication

signaling from receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ) *	fact
requires the sequential activation of the small gtpases ras and rac .	fact
son of sevenless ( sos-1 ) , a bifunctional guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( gef ) , activates ras in vivo and displays rac-gef activity in vitro ,	fact
when engaged in a tricomplex with eps8 and e3b1-abi-1 , a rtk substrate and an adaptor protein , respectively .	fact
a mechanistic understanding of	problem
how sos-1 coordinates ras and rac activity is , however , still missing .	problem
here , we demonstrate that ( a ) sos-1 , e3b1 , and eps8 assemble into a tricomplex in vivo under physiological conditions ; ( b ) grb2 and e3b1 bind through their sh3 domains to the same binding site on sos-1 , thus determining the formation of either a sos-1-grb2 ( s/g ) or a sos-1-e3b1-eps8 ( s/e/e8 ) complex , endowed with ras - and rac-specific gef activities , respectively ; ( c ) the sos-1-grb2 complex is disrupted upon rtks activation , whereas the s/e/e8 complex is not ; and ( d ) in keeping with the previous result , the activation of ras by growth factors is short-lived , whereas the activation of rac is sustained .	fact
thus , the involvement of sos-1 at two distinct and differentially regulated steps of the signaling cascade allows for coordinated activation of ras and rac and different duration of their signaling within the cell .	implication

serum-free media conditioned from 293 cells stably secreting crd-igg proteins was collected and bound to a hitrap protein a hp 1-ml column ( amersham biosciences ) .	method
bound proteins were eluted with 100 mm citric acid ( ph 3.0 ) and immediately made ph to neutral with 800 mm hepes , 300 mm nacl ( ph 7.5 ) buffer supplemented with protease inhibitors .	method
protein from the peak fraction was incubated with protein a-sepharose beads for 4 h at 4 degreesc and then washed 4 times with tnt buffer	method
see below ) .	method
crd-bound beads then incubated overnight at 4 degreesc with wnt proteins .	method
beads were washed 4 times with tnt buffer , brought up in sample buffer , and analyzed for coimmunoprecipitation via western blotting .	method

a search of published databases for the post-translational modifications of mdc1 identified many phosphorylation sites ;	result
however , two studies ( beausoleil et al , 2004 ; olsen et al , 2006 ) identified eight sites within a cluster of short-repeat sequences that shared the consensus motif ser-asp-thr-asp ( sdtd ) in which both the serine and threonine are phosphorylated .	fact
this sdtd motif is repeated six times between ser 218 and asp 455 in human mdc1 , and	fact
similar evolutionarily conserved motifs exist in mdc1 orthologues in other vertebrates ( fig 1a ) .	fact

in this study , we investigated the contribution of tlp-tfiia interaction to p21 gene regulation , and	goal
we found that mutant tlps with weakened tfiia-binding ability exhibit decreased transcription stimulation activity .	result
moreover , etoposide ,	result
which stimulates p21 gene expression , facilitated binding of the upstream promoter to tfiia and tfiia-reactive tlp .	result
one reason	problem
why tlp possesses a strong tfiia-binding ability may be elucidated through this study .	problem

control and irak-deficient cells ( 9 x 105/ plate ) were plated overnight in 100-mm cell culture plates with dmem	method
containing 5 % fcs .	method
ef cells were kept in the presence of 200 mug/ml g418 .	method
before each experiment , cells were starved in serum-free dmem for 4 h .	method
the cells were then stimulated with il-1beta ( r&d systems , minneapolis , mn ) or tnf-alpha ( genzyme corp. , cambridge , ma ) at 37degreesc .	method
after stimulation , cells were scraped from the plates in ice-cold pbs and used immediately .	method

1.5 x 106 thymocytes obtained from was-/-deltagbd mice or by transfection of was-/ - thymic cells with the pegfp-c3 wasp y -- > f	method
mutant constructs were either unstimulated or stimulated with anti-cd3 and anti-cd28 antibodies for 30 min on ice followed by cross-linking with 5 mug mouse anti-hamster igg for 5 min at 37degreesc .	method
activation was terminated and	method
the cells were fixed in 5 % paraformaldehyde , permeabilized with 0.1 % triton x-100 for 5 min on ice , washed and stained with 5 mug/ml fitc-conjugated phalloidin , and analyzed using a facscalibur ( tm ) .	method

p21 is a cdk inhibitor and causes cell-cycle arrest at g1 or g2 phase [ 15,16 ] .	fact
since p21 also participates in apoptosis , dna repair and tumor suppression in some cases [ 17 ]	fact
p21 is regarded as a major gene for cell growth regulation .	fact
the amount of intracellular p21 is regulated at the transcription level , and	fact
its expression level is enhanced by multiple transcription factors [ 18,19 ] .	fact
the promoter-enhancer region of p21 contains several binding sites for p53 ,	fact
which enhances the promoter activity .	fact
p53 ,	fact
which works for genome homeostasis , is a typical tumor suppressor and major regulator of the p21 gene [ 20-22 ] .	fact
the human p21 gene has two major promoters :	fact
a tata-containing downstream promoter and an upstream tata-less promoter [ 23,24 ] .	fact
tfiid is recruited to the tata-box of the downstream promoter together with p53 upon uv irradiation	fact
but it does not participate in regulation of the upstream promoter [ 24 ] .	fact
we have found that activity of the upstream promoter absolutely depends on tlp and p53 [ 14 ]	result
and these two factors form a complex in cells [ 14,25 ] .	result

besides these identical sequences , the erbb-receptor family also has a highly conserved region around y915 ( egfr ) , y923 ( erbb2 ) , y912 ( erbb3 ) and y921 ( erbb4 ) ,	result
to which no interaction partner was found .	result
similar to y944 , y915 was also shown	result
to be a src-kinase phosphorylation site in egfr ( stover et al , 1995 ) .	result
two other conserved regions are around y1197 ( egfr ) , y1248 ( erbb2 ) and y1284 ( erbb4 ) , as well as around y727 ( egfr ) , y735 ( erbb2 ) and y733 ( erbb4 ) .	result
all six corresponding phosphopeptides showed specific interactions to shc .	result
it is interesting	implication
to note that erbb3 clearly differs from the other three receptors with respect to its interaction partners and conserved regions around tyrosine residues .	implication

pcdna3-mror2 and mror2deltacrd constructs were obtained from the minami lab	method
[ 23 ] .	method
we generated	method
the mror2 crd-igg construct by fusing the fz8 signal sequence ( bases 1 to 100 ) to the mror2 crd ( bases 505 to 909 of the complementary dna of mror2 ) in frame with igg as previously described [ 43 ] .	method
the mror2nt crd-igg	method
construct corresponds to bases 1 to 909 of mror2 fused to igg. prk5-mror2-gpi construct was generated by fusing bases 1 to 1221 of mror2 in frame to daf-gpi .	method
prk5-daf-gpi fusion protein vector was provided by the nathans lab	method
[ 43 ] . pef1-mror2-tm corresponds to bases 1 to 1303 of mror2 .	fact
human lrp5 and lrp6 constructs in the cs2+ vector were obtained from	method
the he lab [ 60 ] . pcdna3.1-	method
fz 4 ( flag-tagged ) was provided by the lefkowitz lab	method
[ 15 ] .	none
fz	none
8 complementary dna was subcloned into the pef1-myc/his a vector ( invitrogen , carlsbad , california , united states ) and pef1a-lacz ( invitrogen ) was used for beta-galactosidase activity normalization .	method
stf was obtained from the moon lab	method
[ 30 ] .	none
all dna segments generated by pcr were sequenced	method
to rule out spurious mutations .	goal

texas red-conjugated anti-rabbit antibody was purchased from molecular probes ( eugene , or )	method
and citifluor was purchased from ukc chem lab ( canterbury , uk ) .	method
anti-mapk antibody r2 was obtained from upstate biotechnologies , inc. ( lake placid , ny ) .	method
this antibody was directed against the peptide sequence corresponding to the amino acids 333-367 of the cooh terminus of rat erk1 ( catalog # 06-182 ) .	method
the proteasome inhibitor n-acetyl-leu-leu-norleucinal ( llnl ) was purchased from sigma chemical co .	method
( st .	none
louis , mo ) .	none
the proteasome inhibitor lactacystin ( synthetic ) was purchased from calbiochem ( la jolla , ca ) .	method
all other chemicals were of the highest purity available .	result

we then tested the effect of raga t21n on rheb induced s6k phosphorylation .	method
expression of raga t21n and ragc q120l potently blocked basal s6k phosphorylation but did not inhibit rheb-induced s6k phosphorylation ( fig. 5d ) .	result
amino acid starvation also failed	result
to block the stimulatory effect of rheb on s6k phosphorylation ( data not shown ) .	result
these data exclude a model	implication
that rag functions downstream of rheb but are consistent with rag acting either parallel or upstream of rheb .	implication

the role of a ptp in focal adhesion breakdown would suggest	hypothesis
that overexpression of the ptp would also inhibit cell migration , by impairing the formation of the focal adhesions at the leading edge of the cell .	hypothesis
experiments involving another ptp that can dephosphorylate p130cas , ptp1b ( liu et al. , 1996 ) , showed	result
that overexpression of this ptp in rat fibroblasts decreased cell migration while increasing the time required for the cell to spread on fibronectin ( liu et al. , 1998 ) .	result
this was linked to a disordered formation of focal adhesions .	result
in this article , we demonstrated	result
that removal of a ptp that can dephosphorylate p130cas , ptp-pest , increased the spreading speed of targeted cells on the same extracellular matrix protein ( fig. 5 ) .	result
interestingly , the ptp1b-overexpressing cells eventually formed numerous , large focal complexes scattered over their ventral surface , like ones found in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells .	result
these experiments and the ones presented in this paper suggest	implication
that an intermediate level of ptp activity towards p130cas is required for the formation of normal focal adhesions and for cell migration , which is consistent with a role in focal adhesion turnover .	implication

studies using the ptp inhibitor phenylarsine oxide showed	result
that treatment of cells with this compound was sufficient to induce the formation of stress fibers even after starving them for 16 h ( retta et al. , 1996 ) .	result
phenylarsine oxide reacts with two thiol groups of closely spaced cysteine residues in the active site of the phosphatase .	result
the ptp-pest catalytic domain contains the sequence 231csagc235 ( charest et al. , 1995 ) , the cysteine at position 231 being crucial for its catalytic activity .	fact
these studies also showed that focal adhesion disassembly results in stimulation of phosphatase activity ,	result
which could be assayed using fak and paxillin as substrates .	method
that , and the fact that paxillin is hyperphosphorylated in the ptp-pest knockout cell line , suggest	result
that ptp-pest is a candidate ptp involved in the focal adhesion breakdown in the conditions studied in these experiments .	implication

a detailed structural analysis showed	result
that a small deletion in the nh2-terminal ph domain , but not the dhadjacent cooh-terminal ph domain , abolished the membrane localization of tiam1 and the subsequent induction of membrane ruffling .	result
in all dh domain-containing gds proteins analyzed thus far	result
the dh domain is flanked by a ph domain ( cerione and zheng , 1996 ; collard , 1996 ) , suggesting that the dh-ph combination is a functional unit .	implication
indeed , deletions in either the dh domain or the flanking ph domain of the protooncogenes dbl , ost , dbs , and lfc result in loss of	result
transforming capacity ( ron et al. , 1991 ; horii et al. , 1994 ; whitehead et al. , 1995a , b ; zheng et al. , 1996 ) .	result
the transforming capacity of a mutant of lfc , which carried a deletion in the ph domain , could be restored by the addition of a cooh-terminal ras caax motif ,	result
suggesting that the localization of lfc at the plasma membrane is required for its transforming capacity ( whitehead et al. , 1995b ) .	hypothesis
in contrast , the ras-caax motif was not sufficient	result
to replace the ph domain of dbl , which is required for the presence of dbl in the particulate fraction of cells ( zheng et al. , 1996 ) .	result
corresponding results were obtained for the nh2-terminal ph domain of ras-guanine nucleotide release factor ( grf ) ,	result
suggesting that the association of ras-grf and dbl in the particulate fraction is a prerequisite for their activity ( buchsbaum et al. , 1996 ; zheng et al. , 1996 ) .	implication
together with pleckstrin and rasgrf , tiam1 is one of a few proteins	fact
that contains two ph domains ( habets et al. , 1994 ) .	fact
similarly to ras-grf , only the nh2-terminal ph domain of tiam1 is involved in the localization of the protein .	fact
the cooh-terminal ph domain of tiam1 has only moderate homology with other ph domains and lacks a highly conserved tryptophan residue in the cooh-terminal alpha-helix ( habets et al. , 1994 ) .	result
although a complete deletion of the dh-adjacent ph domain of tiam1 abolished membrane ruffling	result
it did not interfere with the membrane localization of the protein ( data not shown ) .	result
what other functions can be attributed to this ph domain	hypothesis
remains to be elucidated .	hypothesis

our data suggest that in addition to its role in regulating the signaling function of trif-dependent tlrs ( tlr3 and tlr4 ) , peli1 is partially required for cpg ( tlr9 )	implication
and pam3csk4 ( tlr1-tlr2 ) -stimulated b cell proliferation and survival .	implication
however , this function is not generic for all myd88-dependent tlrs ,	result
because peli1 is not required for b cell activation induced by the ligands of tlr2 ( pgn ) , tlr2-tlr6 ( malp2 ) , or tlr7-tlr8 ( r837 ) .	result
it is currently unclear how peli1 regulates the function of specific myd88-dependent tlrs , but	problem
circumstantial evidence suggests the involvement of rip1 in some myd88-dependent tlrs , particularly tlr9 .	implication
like peli1-/ - b cells , rip1-deficient b cells are partially defective in cpg-induced b cell proliferation 33 .	result
as peli1 is not required for cpg-stimulated nf-kappab activation , we propose	fact
that peli1 might regulate cpg-mediated activation of other signaling factors or specific members of nf-kappab .	hypothesis

tlr signals also induce the proliferation of b cells 31 .	fact
consistently , the proliferation of peli1+/+ b cells was stimulated by a panel of tlr ligands as well as by igm and cd40	result
crosslinking ( fig. 3b ) .	result
as seen with the induction of cd86 and mhcii expression , the induction of proliferation by lps and poly ( i : c ) was severely inhibited in peli1-/ - b cells .	result
this effect was again more profound for poly ( i : c ) .	result
we detected a partial inhibition of cpg - and pam3csk4-induced proliferation in peli1-/ - b cells ( fig. 3b ) .	result
this effect was , however , not generic for all myd88-binding tlrs ,	implication
since loss of peli1 did not inhibit the induction of b cell proliferation by r837 , malp2 , or pgn ( fig. 3b ) .	result
peli1 deficiency did not affect proliferation induced by igm or cd40 crosslinking .	result
in fact , we repeatedly detected enhanced proliferation of pgn - and anti-cd40-stimulated peli1-/ - b cells ,	result
although it is currently unclear how peli1 negatively regulates the signaling of these pathways .	implication

in conclusion , we have demonstrated for the first time	implication
that vegf stimulates the transient activation of ampk in cultured endothelial cells in a plc - and camkk-dependent manner .	implication
ampk , therefore , represents a novel component of vegf signalling .	implication
in addition , we propose	hypothesis
that ampk represents the pi3k-independent kinase that contributes , along with activated pkb to vegf-stimulated enos ser1177 phosphorylation and subsequent no production .	hypothesis

transfection was performed in serum-free conditions	method
using lipofectamine ( tm ) reagent ( invitrogen ) as described by the manufacturer .	method
cells were lysed in mild lysis buffer ( 10 mm tris-hcl [ ph 7.5 ] , 100 mm nacl , 1 % np-40 , 50 mm naf , 2 mm edta [ ph 8.0 ] , 1 mm dtt , 1 mm pmsf , 10 mug/ml leupeptin , and 10 mug/ml aprotinin ) .	method
samples were resolved by sds-page , transferred	method
to polyvinylidene difluoride membrane , and then blotted with the desired antibodies .	method

attempting to understand the differences observed in the size and number of focal adhesions between the two cell lines which differ only by the presence or absence of ptp-pest	goal
we analyzed the tyrosine phosphorylation state of specific focal adhesion proteins ( fig. 4 a ) .	method
the adapter protein p130cas was previously shown to be hyperphosphorylated ( cote et al. , 1998 ) ,	result
since it is a physiological substrate for ptp-pest ( garton et al. , 1996 ) .	implication
the other proteins immunoprecipitated and analyzed for their phosphotyrosine status with an antiphosphotyrosine antibody included paxillin and cortactin .	method
paxillin was shown	result
to be hyperphosphorylated in fak null cell lines , a mutation that was also associated with a decrease in cell mobility and increase in numbers of focal adhesions ( ilic et al. , 1995 ) .	result
paxillin phosphorylation was also shown recently	result
to be required for cell spreading and focal adhesion formation ( richardson et al. , 1997 ) .	result
in the present study , paxillin was found in a hyperphosphorylated state ( fig. 4 a ) .	result
interestingly , paxillin was shown to physically associate with ptp-pest ( shen et al. , 1998 ) , but	result
experiments using trapping mutants suggest that paxillin is not a direct substrate for ptp-pest ( cote , j.-f. , c.e. turner , and m.l. tremblay , manuscript submitted for publication ) .	result
cortactin , like p130cas , is a pp60src substrate ( wu et al. , 1991 ) ,	result
although it is not associated with focal adhesions .	result
it interacts with the actin cytoskeleton ( wu and parsons , 1993 ) and is tyrosine phosphorylated following integrin-mediated cell adhesion to extracellular matrix ( vuori and ruoslahti , 1995 ) .	fact
however , fig. 4 a shows that cortactin is not constitutively tyrosine hyperphosphorylated in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells ,	result
suggesting that it is not a direct or indirect substrate for this phosphatase .	implication

in this article , we reported two roles	hypothesis
that a specific ptp , ptp-pest , could play in regulating the cytoskeleton of fibroblasts .	hypothesis
the first , possibly via its capacity to dephosphorylate p130cas , is	hypothesis
to break down focal adhesions , an event which is required for cell migration on an extracellular matrix like fibronectin .	hypothesis
ptp-pest was shown to localize at the membrane periphery when cos-1 cells were plated on fibronectin and	result
this confers to ptp-pest a physiological role in cell migration that is not a secondary effect of overexpression .	result
the fact that ptp-pest is mostly found in a cytoplasmic pool ( charest et al. , 1995 ) and can be recruited to the plasma membrane after fibronectin-mediated attachment provides the cell a mechanism	result
to increase its focal adhesions turnover rate proportional to the stimulus , even when fak , p130cas , or v-src is overexpressed ( akasaka et al. , 1995 ; cary et al. , 1998 ; fincham and frame , 1998 ) .	result
ptp-pest also plays a role in	fact
modulating the phosphorylation level of pstpip , a protein that associates with the cytoskeleton ( spencer et al. , 1997 ) .	fact
the role of this ptp-pest activity is not known , but	problem
it may involve the binding of wasp to pstpip ( wu et al. , 1998b ) .	hypothesis
since wasp has been shown	result
to regulate actin fiber assembly and cytokinesis in both yeast ( li , 1997 ) and mammalian ( symons et al. , 1996 ) cells .	result
these data suggest	implication
that this interaction may be somehow modulated in the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells .	implication

fig. 3 depicts a typical time course of p42/p44 mapk subcellular localization after stimulation of resting ccl39-deltaraf-1 : er cells by either serum of beta-estradiol .	result
first , as illustrated in fig. 3 , a and e , the observed staining for p42/ p44 mapk shows	result
that in g0-arrested cells , p42/p44 mapk immunolabeling was predominantly cytoplasmic , in accordance with our and other previously published results ( 8 , 18 , 27 ) .	result
second , as judged by immunofluorescence microscopy , p42/p44 mapk immunostaining underwent a complete redistribution in serum-stimulated cells ,	result
becoming almost exclusively nuclear after 3 h stimulation ( fig. 3 b ) .	result
after 6 h of serum stimulation , p42/p44 mapk immunostaining is uniformly distributed throughout the whole cell ( fig. 3 c ) .	result
finally , after 9 h of serum stimulation , p42/ p44 mapk immunostaining was again predominantly cytoplasmic ( fig. 3 d ) .	result
interestingly , a 3-h stimulation of the deltaraf-1 : er chimera by beta-estradiol was sufficient	result
to induce by itself the nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk ( fig. 3 f ) .	result
in contrast to serum stimulation , activation of the deltaraf-1 : er chimera prolonged the nuclear localization of p42/p44 mapk for up to 6 h ( fig. 3 g ) and 9 h ( fig. 3 h ) after stimulation by beta-estradiol .	result
furthermore , p42/p44 mapk	result
nuclear immunostaining was even detected after 15 h of deltaraf-1 : er stimulation ( data not shown ) .	result
later immunohistochemical observations were rendered more difficult	result
because cells underwent rounding and detachment by the prolonged activation of this signaling cascade ( 35 and data not shown ) .	result
as seen in response to serum , mapk nuclear translocation initiated by activation of the deltaraf-1	result
er chimera was also abrogated in presence of the mek inhibitor ( fig. 1 , compare e and f ) .	result

as shown in fig. 3 , b and d , expression of apkc-lambda k275w as well as pkc-zeta k275w mutants , which contain an inactive atp-binding site , is able	result
to revert the ras-induced depolymerization of actin stress fibers .	result
for these experiments nih3t3 cells were transiently cotransfected with vectors	method
encoding ha-ras l61 and kinase-defective , dn apkc-lambda k275w or apkc-zeta k275w mutants , respectively , using a green fluorescence protein expression vector as a transfection marker .	method
ras-induced reorganization of f-actin cytoskeleton was not affected by an expression of a kinase-defective , dn mutant of pkc-alpha k368r ( fig. 3 f ) .	result
expression levels of cpkc-alpha k368r , apkc-lambda k275r , and apkc-zeta k275r were found	result
to be in a similar range ( data not shown ) .	result

here , we present results of the first modification-dependent protein interaction study involving systematic profiling of binding sites of a whole receptor subfamily .	result
for many receptors ,	fact
the physiological phosphorylation sites are not well documented , and algorithms for their prediction are still limited .	fact
the relatively high throughput of our screen allowed systematic study of all tyrosine sites , without	method
making prior assumptions about the baits or their potential interaction partners .	method
in particular , we wanted	goal
to demonstrate that the throughput of the method is sufficiently high , so that no information about the phosphorylation status ( i.e. in vivo phosphorylated or not ) needed to be taken into account .	goal
therefore , we chose	goal
to study potential interaction partners to all cytosolic tyrosine residues of the erbb-receptor family in their phosphorylated form in a systematic and unbiased approach .	goal
altogether , we analyzed all 94 pairs of synthetic singly phospho - , nonphospho - and doubly phosphopeptides to a total of 89 cytosolic tyrosine residues in the four receptors egfr , erbb2 , erbb3 and erbb4 .	method

for construction of pex14paxxa and pex13pe320k , mutations were introduced by pcr	method
using gene splicing by overlap extension ( yon and fried , 1989 ) .	method
primers used	method
to construct pex14paxxa were : ku107 , 5'- ( ggaattcgaggccttatgagtgacgtggtcagt ) -3 ' , ( nucleotides [ nt ] 1-18 ) ; re9 , 5'- ( atccctgtgggccagcgttgctggcatcgc ) -3 ' , ( nt 249-278 ; underlined nt represent introduced mutations ) ; re8 , 5'- ( gcgatgccagcaacgctggcccacagggat ) -3 ' , ( nt 249-278 ) ; and ku109 , 5'- ( ggggatcccgggatacctatgggatggagtcttc ) -3 ' , ( nt 1016-1026 ) .	method
prs-pex14 ( albertini et al. , 1997 ) served as template .	method
primers used	method
to construct pex13p-e320k were t3 , 5'- ( aattaaccctcactaaaggg ) -3 ' ; re51 , 5'- ( ctctgggttttttggaacaaaatc ) -3 ' , ( nt 946-969 ) ; re50 , 5'- ( gattttgttccaaaaaacccagag ) -3 ' , ( nt 946-969 ) ; and t7 , 5'- ( gtaatacgactcactatagggc ) .	method
prs-pex13 ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ) served as template .	method
the pex14-pcr product was digested with ecori/ bamhi and subcloned into pbluescript sk ( + ) ( stratagene )	method
resulting in plasmid pwg14/4 .	method
the pex13-pcr product was digested with xhoi/psti and subcloned into pbluescript sk ( + ) resulting in plasmid pwg13/13 .	method

for immunofluorescence microscopy , cells were grown on glass coverslips , fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde at 4 degreesc for 10 min , and permeabilized in methanol at 20 degreesc for 20 sec .	method
the coverslips were then exposed to primary antibodies , followed by cy3-conjugated secondary antibodies .	method
slides were mounted with vectashield mounting media with dapi ( vector laboratories , burlingame , california , united states ) and fluorescence examined with a zeiss axioplan 2 microscope .	method

studies in yeast have shown	method
that gtr1/gtr2 could control intracellular protein trafficking , thereby regulating the localization of the general amino acid permease gap126 .	implication
this observation suggests a possible mechanism	implication
whereby gtr1/2 activate torc1 by promoting amino acid import and thus regulating nutrient availability .	hypothesis
however , our data from mammalian cells are not consistent with this model : complete and extended amino acids depletion	implication
fails to inhibit torc1 activity in cells overexpressing raga q66l .	result
second , we found	result
that the amino acid import was not significantly affected by raga expression ( fig. s5 ) .	result
therefore , it is unlikely	hypothesis
that rag regulates torc1 by promoting the availability of nutrients .	hypothesis
instead , we favor a model	hypothesis
in which rag acts between amino acids and torc1 in a pathway parallel to the tsc-rheb axis ( fig. 8c ) .	hypothesis
an interesting possibility is	hypothesis
that rag regulates localization of torc1 pathway components .	hypothesis

amino acid ( aa ) containing ( dmemk ) - or aa free ( dmemk-aa ) -media used for hek293 and hela cells were made based on dmem medium ( invitrogen , cat .	method
no. 12430 ) formulation .	method
stocks for aa ( 10x ) , inorganic salts and other components ( 2x ) were made individually .	method
for vitamins , mem vitamin solution ( invitrogen , 100x ) was used in 1:25 dilution ( final concentration=4x ) .	method
stocks were mixed together to final concentration of 1x dmemk or 1x dmemk-aa .	method
for dmemk-aa , ddh2o was added instead of aa .	method
final ph and osmolality was adjusted to 7.0-7.4	method
and 295-340 mosm/kg , respectively .	method
dmemk and dmemk-aa were used for aa stimulation and aa starvation , respectively for hek293 and hela cells .	method

murine was-/ - thymocytes ( 2 x 107 cells ) were isolated and transfected with 50 mug of an nfat luciferase reporter gene plus 50 mug pegfp-c3 vectors encoding wasp-gfp , wasp y -- > f gfp mutants , or gfp alone .	method
after 4 h , viable cells were separated using lympholyte m ( cedarlane ) and	method
the gfp+ cells were purified over a moflo ( r ) cell sorter ( dakocytomation ) and cultured for 8 h in uncoated 96-well plates or in plates coated with 10 mug/ml anti-cd3 or 5 mug/ml anti-cd3 plus anti-cd28 antibody .	method
cells were lysed and	method
luciferase activity was assayed using the luciferase assay system ( promega ) and a luminometer .	method

another focal adhesion component	goal
to be investigated was fak .	goal
the role of p130cas in migration was shown	result
to reside in the pathways triggered by fak ( cary et al. , 1998 ) , which is associated with the integrins and becomes active by transphosphorylation when they cluster .	result
phosphorylation of y397 on fak , which is the binding site of the src kinase , was shown	result
to be crucial for its role in cell migration ( cary et al. , 1998 ) .	result
fig. 4 a shows that fak is slightly hyperphosphorylated in the ptp-pest null cells ,	result
suggesting that this ptp may regulate its phosphorylation level .	implication
since fak and ptp-pest were never shown to interact directly , it is possible	result
that this hyperphosphorylation is a consequence of p130cas or paxillin hyperphosphorylation .	hypothesis

efs were established	method
as described previously 811 .	method
efs from aly/aly mice , ikkalpha-deficient mice , and c57bl/6j wild-type mice were cultured in dmem ( gibco brl ) supplemented with 10 % heat-inactivated fcs ( gibco brl ) , 2 mm l-glutamine , 100 u/ml penicillin , and 100 mug/ml streptomycin at a density of 7 x 105 cells per 60-mm culture dish .	method
after incubation with control mab ha4/8 ( 2 mug/ml ) , agonistic anti-ltbetar mab ac.h6 ( 2 mug/ml ; reference 19 ) , or recombinant human tnf ( genzyme , inc. ) , whole cell lysates were harvested from the dish with a lysis buffer containing 1 % np-40 ( sigma-aldrich ) and subjected to western blot analysis	method
as described previously 20 .	method
the following abs were used : rabbit antipeptide ab directed against ikappabalpha ( cat .	method
no .	none
sc-371 ; santa cruz biotechnology ) , phospho-specific ikappabalpha ( cat .	none
no .	none
9241 ; new england biolabs ) , and polyclonal rabbit ab against actin ( biomedical technologies ) .	none
for blockade of the phosphatidylinositol-3'-oh kinase ( pi [ 3 ] k ) -akt pathway , efs were treated with 1 mum wortmannin ( calbiochem ) for 30 min before stimulation with tnf .	method
for blockade of proteasome activity , efs were treated with 100 mum n-acetyl-leu-leu-norleucinal ( alln ; nacalai tesque ) for 1 h .	method

as discussed above	none
a pex5p/pex7p two-hybrid interaction is not observed in pex14delta ( fig. 1 ) .	result
at first , this observation seems rather surprising ,	implication
since both pex5p and pex7p independently interact with pex13p in the two-hybrid system ( fig. 4 ) .	result
one could imagine	hypothesis
that pex13p may serve as a bridging molecule between the import receptors to mediate an indirect binding which could have emerged in the two-hybrid system .	hypothesis
however , the amount of pex5p simultaneously associated with the pex7p-pex13p complex may be too low	hypothesis
to give a positive response .	hypothesis
in support of this assumption , the amount of pex5p coimmunoprecipitating with pex7p in the absence of pex14p is extremely reduced , despite the presence of significant amounts of pex13p ( fig. 3 , lane pex14delta ) .	result
perhaps pex13p does not usually associate simultaneously with both of the import receptors	hypothesis
or association is transient .	hypothesis

reagents used for these studies included : polyclonal antibodies specific for wasp ( raised against a synthetic peptide representing wasp residues 224-238 ) , pstpip1 ( 5 ) , and ptp-pest ( provided by m. tremblay , mcgill university , montreal , canada , and a. veillette , clinical research institute of montreal , montreal , canada ) ; monoclonal antibodies recognizing human and murine cd3 ( from the okt3 and 2c11 hybridomas , respectively ) , human and murine cd28 ( from the 9.2 and 37.51 hybridomas , respectively ) , and human protein kinase c ( pkc ) -theta ( transduction labs ) ; monoclonal antiphosphotyrosine ( ptyr ) ptyr4g10 antibody ( upstate biotechnology ) ; goat anti-hamster igg ( bd biosciences ) ; cy5-conjugated goat anti-rabbit ig , cy5-sheep anti-mouse ig , and goat anti-hamster igg ( jackson immunoresearch laboratories ) ; anti-fyn antibodies and purified rabbit ig ( santa cruz biotechnology , inc. ) ; rhodamine , fitc , and alexa 350-phalloidin ( molecular probes ) ; and anti-green fluorescent protein ( gfp ) antibody ( abcam ) .	method
expression constructs for immunofluorescence studies were derived by	method
subcloning cdnas encoding full-length wasp , pstpip1 , and ptp-pest ( provided by m. tremblay ) into the pegfp-c3 , pdsred , and pcdna3 expression vectors ( clontech laboratories , inc. ) .	method
wasp tyrosine point mutation ( tyrosine -- > phenylalanine ) gfp-tagged expression constructs were generated by pcr-mediated mutagenesis of each wasp tyrosine residue and subcloning of the mutant cdnas into the pegfp-c3 vector .	method
expression constructs ( pcdna3 ) for cdc42 , cdc42-v12 , and cdc42-n17 were obtained from g. downey ( university of toronto , toronto , canada )	method
and expression constructs for fyn k296m were obtained by pcr-mediated mutagenesis of the fyn cdna and subcloning into pcdna3 vector .	method

the first methionine of pag is not followed by any typical signal sequence ( fig. 2 c ) .	result
however , a region of 20 mostly hydrophobic aa and devoid of charged aa extends from residues 17-36 and likely corresponds to an alpha-helical transmembrane domain ,	fact
indicating that pag is a type iii transmembrane protein with an extracellular portion of 16 aa .	fact
the transmembrane domain of pag is directly followed	result
by a putative palmitoylation site ( cssc ; see below ) .	result
immediately downstream of the palmitoylation motif is a sequence of six aa enriched in basic residues ( two arginines and two lysines ) .	result
the predicted 397-aa cytoplasmic domain contains a total of 10 tyrosines ,	result
9 of which are within potential consensus sequences for phosphorylation by src family ptk ( yxxv/l/i ) .	result
among the tyrosine-based signaling motifs , three can be distinguished ( yxxl/v/i ( x ) nyxxl/v/i )	result
that show some similarity to itams , although the values of n are larger ( 14 , 14 , and 26 residues , respectively ) than in typical itams ( fig. 2 c ) .	result
in addition to the tyrosine-based signaling motifs , the cytoplasmic domain contains multiple sites for phosphorylation by casein kinase 2 and/or protein kinase c ( 12 serine and 10 threonine residues ) .	result
furthermore , two proline-rich sequences can be distinguished ( positions 131-138 and 257-263 )	result
that may potentially bind to sh3 domains 46 .	result
all these motifs , except for the tyrosine residue corresponding to y341 , are also completely conserved in mouse pag ( fig. 2 c ) .	result
the overall acidic character of pag ( predicted isoelectric point 4.4 ) and further modification by phosphorylation might result in anomalous binding of sds and thus retarded migration on sds-page ,	hypothesis
leading to an apparent molecular mass of 70-85 kd .	hypothesis
the structure of pag allows	implication
it to be designated as a novel transmembrane adaptor protein 4748 .	implication

human hela cells were grown in arginine-deficient dulbecco 's modified eagle 's medium ( dmem ) with 10 % dialyzed fetal bovine serum .	method
one cell population was supplemented with normal isotopic abundance l-12 arginine ( sigma ) and l-lysine , and the other with 99 % isotopic abundance 13c6-arginine ( aldrich ) and 13c6-lysine ,	method
as described ( ong et al , 2003 ) .	method
thereby full labeling of all tryptic peptides was achieved .	result
in some experiments , cell populations were metabolically labeled	method
using d4-lysine instead of 13c6-lysine .	method
for studies with singly and doubly phosphorylated peptides of the y-e-y motifs , three different cell populations were labeled with 12c6-arginine ( arg0 ) , 13c6-arginine ( arg6 ) , and 13c6 15n4-arginine ( arg10 ) ,	method
resulting in mass differences of 6 and 10 da to the arg0 form , respectively .	result
each cell population was grown for at least five passages ,	method
encompassing a minimum of seven population doublings .	method

compared to the myd88-dependent signaling pathway , much less is known	problem
regarding how trif transduces tlr-proximal signals .	problem
nevertheless , recent studies establish rip1 ( receptor-interacting protein 1 ) as an essential adaptor mediating ikk activation downstream of trif-dependent tlr3 signals 18 , 19 .	implication
rip1 was originally identified as an adaptor kinase	fact
that transduces tumor necrosis factor receptor ( tnfr ) signals .	fact
in the tnfr pathway , the ubiquitin ligase traf2 interacts with and ubiquitinates rip1 , which in turn recruits ikk and its upstream kinase , tak1	fact
these kinases are then activated 13 .	fact
rip1 ubiquitination is also induced by the tlr3 ligand , poly ( i : c ) , and is required for poly ( i : c ) -stimulated ikk activation 18 . rip1 interacts with trif via a rip homotypic interaction motif ( rhim ) 19	fact
and the trif-rip1 signaling complex also contains the adaptor molecule tradd 20-22 .	fact
despite these important findings , the ubiquitin ligase responsible for	problem
ubiquitinating rip1 in the trif-dependent tlr pathway remains elusive .	problem
although traf6 was proposed to ubiquitinate rip1	hypothesis
traf6 knockout studies revealed a dispensable role for this e3 in trif-dependent ikk activation 23 .	result

vegf rapidly stimulates endothelial no synthesis [ 3-5 ] , proposed to be the result of pi3k-mediated activation of protein kinase b ( pkb , also known as akt ) ,	fact
which directly phosphorylates and activates enos at ser1177 [ 4,6 ] .	fact
however , vegf-stimulated no production has been reported to be only partially inhibited by wortmannin ,	result
suggesting that vegf-stimulated no production is mediated by both pi3k/pkb and a pi3k-independent kinase [ 3,5,7 ] .	implication

to evaluate whether the sole activation of the p42/p44 mapk signaling module is sufficient to promote nuclear translocation of p42/p44 mapk	goal
we have taken advantage of a fibroblastic cell line ccl39-deltaraf-1 : er ( 28 ) stably expressing the chimera deltaraf-1 : er ( 43 , 44 ) .	method
upon addition of beta-estradiol to these cells , the raf-1 kinase moiety of the chimera is unmasked and rapidly phosphorylates mek ,	fact
which in turn activates p42/p44 mapk ( 28 ) .	fact
as shown in fig. 2 a	result
serum stimulation retards the electrophoretic mobility of p42 mapk ( due to phosphorylation ) .	result
this activation observed	result
after 15 min persists for up to 6 h , declines after 9 h , and is not detectable at 12 h when cells enter s-phase ( fig. 2 a ) .	result
in sharp contrast , activation of the same cells with estradiol induces a gel mobility shift	result
that persists as long as the cells are treated with estradiol ( fig. 2 b ) .	result
in this experiment , only p42 mapk is detected because of the specificity of the antibody used .	result
however , activation of p44 mapk ( revealed with a less selective anti-mapk antibody ) parallels activation of p42 mapk .	result
the ccl39-deltaraf-1 : er cell line offers two unique advantages .	implication
first , by its specific activation , downstream of raf , estradiol exclusively turns on the p42/p44 mapk module with no detectable activation of jnk or p38 mapk within the first 16-24 h ( 33 and data not shown ) .	result
second , in contrast	result
to serum activation that leads to the time-dependent desensitization of p42/p44 mapk , beta-estradiol induces a persistent p42/p44 mapk activity .	result
one can therefore easily manipulate the temporal activation of p42/p44 mapk by	hypothesis
adding beta-estradiol or the mek inhibitor pd 98059 .	method
it was therefore of interest	goal
to compare the p42/p44 mapk translocation in cells stimulated with either serum or beta-estradiol .	goal

if ha-ras uses atypical pkc isotypes for the reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton as suggested by the data shown in figs. 3 and 4	result
expression of ca apkc-lambda and ( ca ) apkc-zeta mutants should affect actin stress fibers like transforming ha-ras .	implication
as shown in fig. 5 , b and d	result
this is indeed the case .	implication
a ca mutant of pkc-alpha a25e did not show any significant effect on stress fiber rearrangements ( data not shown ) .	result

amino acid ( aa ) containing ( sdmk ) - or aa free ( sdmk-aa ) -media used for drosophila s2 cells were made based on schneider 's drosophila medium ( invitrogen ) formulation .	method
stocks for aa ( 2x ) , inorganic salts ( 2.5x ) , and other components ( 5x ) were made individually and mixed together to final concentration of 1x sdmk or 1x sdmk-aa .	method
for sdmk-aa , ddh2o was added instead of aa .	method
final ph and osmolality was adjusted to 6.6-6.8 and 345-365 mosm/kg , respectively .	method
sdmk and sdmk-aa were used for aa stimulation and aa starvation , respectively for drosophila s2 cells .	method

the capacity of each cell line	method
to migrate on fibronectin was monitored by two different assays .	method
in the wound healing assay , falcon chamber slides were coated overnight at 4degreesc with a solution of fibronectin ( 10 mug/ml ) in pbs , 10 mm sodium phosphate , 140 mm nacl , ph 7.4 .	method
cells were plated at 60 % confluence in normal ( 10 % serum ) medium .	method
after attachment , the monolayers were wounded by scoring with a sterile plastic 200 mul micropipette tip .	method
each well was then washed and fed daily with normal medium .	method
after 24 h , cells were fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde ( pfa ) in pbs for 5 min at room temperature and photographed	method
using a low-magnification phase-contrast microscope .	method
the extent of migration into the wound area was evaluated qualitatively .	method

transient transfection of jurkat and cos cells was performed essentially as described 38 .	method
for the transfection experiments in cos cells , we used the following cdna constructs : wild-type fyn cloned in psralpha expression vector ( provided by dr. a. da silva , dana farber cancer institute , boston , ma ) , myc-tagged lck or zap70 inserted into pcdna3 vector ( donated by dr. r. abraham ) , flag-tagged syk cloned into the p5c7 vector ( provided by dr. w. kolanus , gene center , munich , germany ) , and flag-tagged sh2 domain-containing leukocyte phosphoprotein ( slp ) -76 cdna construct in pef-bos ( a gift of dr. g. koretzky , university of pennsylvania , philadelphia , pa ) .	method
the cdna construct coding for a chimeric zeta molecule ( consisting of the extracellular domain of cd25 [ tac ] fused to the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domain of the tcr zeta chain ) was provided by dr. a. veillette ( mcgill university , montreal , quebec , canada ) .	method
for bacterial expression , the pag intracellular fragment corresponding to amino acid ( aa ) residues 97-432 was cloned to bamhi site of pet-15b expression vector ( novagen ) ,	method
generating a construct with nh2-terminal his tag .	method

for t cell activation , 2 x 107 jurkat e6 , jcam-1 , or jcam-1-lck cells ( 20 ) cultured in rpm1 1640 plus 10 % fetal bovine serum and 2 mm l-glutamine penicillin/streptomycin ( gibco brl ) were serum starved overnight and then stimulated for varying times with 10 mug/ml anti-cd3 and 5 mug/ml anti-cd28 antibodies .	method
alternatively , 2 x 107 murine thymocytes or lymph node t	method
cells were incubated with 5 mug/ml anti-cd3 and 2 mug/ml anti-cd28 antibodies on ice for 30 min followed by cross-linking with 5 mug anti-hamster igg for varying times at 37degreesc .	method
aliquots of cell cultures were subjected to anti-ptyr immunoblotting analysis	method
to confirm cell activation .	goal

an important transducer of the dna damage signal is the atm kinase ( reviewed in shiloh 2003 ) .	fact
atm activation requires autophosphorylation on s1981 and concomitant dissociation into monomers , the presumed active form of the kinase ( bakkenist and kastan 2003 ) .	fact
dsbs and other genome stress lead to a rapid conversion of the atm pool into active s1981-p monomers ,	fact
which can phosphorylate regulators of the g1/s , intra-s , and g2/m cell cycle transitions ( bakkenist and kastan 2003 ) .	fact

ship+/ - animals were generously provided by dr. g. krystal ( bc cancer agency , vancouver , british columbia , canada ) .	method
heterozygotes were bred	method
to obtain ship+/+ and ship-/ - mice .	method
bmms were derived from these animals	method
as previously described [ 16 ] .	method
briefly , bone marrow cells were cultured in rpmi	method
containing 10 % fetal bovine serum plus 10 mug/ml polymixin b and supplemented with 20 ng/ml csf-1 for 7 d before they were used in experiments .	method
bmms derived in this manner were more than 99 % positive for mac-1 ,	method
as determined by flow cytometry .	method

blunting of the dna damage response was observed	result
when trf2 was overexpressed throughout the nucleus .	result
because trf2 is chiefly present at telomeres , the simplest interpretation is	implication
that the observed activity reflected a telomeric function .	implication
however , we also considered the possibility	hypothesis
that trf2 may have a heretofore clandestine role in the general dna damage response .	hypothesis
if this were true , trf2 might be expected to localize to ir-induced foci ( irif ) ,	hypothesis
where it would be in a position to modulate atm .	hypothesis
previous data had shown	result
that the endogenous trf2 does not relocate from telomeres to irif ( zhu et al. 2000 ) .	result
similarly , immunofluorescence analysis showed that overexpressed trf2 did not form irif ( figure 4c ) :	result
the pattern of trf2 localization was unchanged by ir , and there was no detectable colocalization with the known irif component 53bp1 ( schultz et al. 2000 ) .	result
this was also the case	result
when trf2 localization was examined in cells from which the nucleoplasmic proteins were extracted with a mild detergent ( figure 4c ) .	result
thus , the inhibitory effect of trf2 on atm signaling does not reflect association of trf2 with sites of dna damage .	result
instead , we propose	implication
that the inhibition of atm by trf2 is an innate property of the protein , important at its natural location : telomeres .	hypothesis
however , we can not exclude the transient presence of trf2 at dna lesions and/or a role for trf2 in the general dna damage response .	hypothesis

to exclude the possibility of nonspecific coprecipitation of proteins	goal
we checked the precipitates for the presence of peroxisomal membrane proteins pex11p ( erdmann and blobel , 1995 ; marshall et al. , 1995 ) and pmp35p ( putative peroxisomal atp-transporter ; erdmann , r. , unpublished observations ) .	method
these proteins were not detected in any of the samples ,	result
indicating the specificity of the observed interactions ( data not shown ) .	result

mounted cells were viewed on an olympus bx50 fluorescence microscope , and	method
images of green fluorescence-positive cells were done by using a rgb-mode video real-color camera ( optronics engineering dei-470 ) .	method
image processing was carried out with the image processing software metamorph ( princeton instruments ) .	method
the green and red fluorescence images were recorded separately by	method
changing the excitation wavelength ( from 480 to 550 nm ) , exported into adobe photoshop , and then printed on a color laser copier system ( agfa 707 ) .	method

requirement of pi3k activity for f. novicida-induced nfkappab activation suggested	hypothesis
that ship may regulate f. novicida-stimulated nfkappab activation .	hypothesis
to test this prediction	goal
raw 264.7 cells were transfected with nfkappab-luciferase construct alone along with either a construct encoding ship or the corresponding empty vector .	method
transfectants were then infected with f. novicida , and	method
luciferase activity in the cell lysates was measured as an indicator of nfkappab activation .	method
as expected	result
overexpression of ship significantly ( p < 0.04 ) suppressed nfkappab-dependent reporter gene expression ( figure 7a ) .	result
overexpression of ship in the transfected cells was confirmed by western blotting ship immunoprecipitates with ship antibody ( figure 7b ) .	result

the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as il-12 by monocytes/macrophages contributes further to immunity against francisella infection by augmenting nk cell ifngamma production .	fact
in a recent report , we have demonstrated that production of ifngamma by nk cells in response to stimulation by monokines	result
( il-12 , il-15 , and il-18 ) is augmented in the absence of ship [ 43,44 ] .	result
thus , it is conceivable	hypothesis
that ship not only regulates macrophage responses to francisella infection , but also the subsequent nk cell responses , thereby regulating overall defense against intracellular pathogens .	hypothesis

nih3t3 fibroblasts were kept at logarithmic growth phase in dme supplemented with 10 % heat-inactivated fetal calf serum , lysophosphatidic acid ( 100 ng/ml ) , and 2 mm l-glutamine in a humidified atmosphere containing 5 % co2 .	method
to obtain transient transfectants , nih3t3 cells ( 5 x 104 cells per well ) were seeded in 100-mm-diam wells	method
containing circular glass coverslips ( eight per well ) and were transfected for 8 h with 1 mug pef-1neogfp expression plasmid , 1.5 mug psr-alphaii l61 ha-ras ( encoding a constitutively active ras leucine l61 mutant ) , and 20 mug of plasmids encoding for kinase-defective , dn cpkc-alpha k368r , atypical apkc-lambda k275w , and apkc-zeta k275w mutants .	method
alternatively , nih3t3 fibroblasts were cotransfected with plasmids encoding pef-1neogfp plus a ca apkc-lambda a119e , ( ca ) apkc-zeta a119e , and ( ca ) cpkc-alpha a25e mutants , or vector controls ( pef-1neo ) , respectively .	method

in this paper evidence is presented for an implication of the two atypical pkc-lambda , and pkc-zeta isotypes in the ras-mediated reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton .	fact
the data support a tentative model for a signaling pathway	implication
in which apkc-lambda acts downstream of ras but upstream of phosphatidylinositol-3 ' kinase ( pi3k ) and rac-1 , whereas apkc-zeta functions downstream of rac-1 .	implication

to study phosphorylation of the mdc1 sdtd region and to investigate its regulation	goal
we raised a rabbit polyclonal antiserum against a synthetic peptide corresponding to one of the mdc1 sdtd repeats phosphorylated on ser 329 and thr 331 ( supplementary fig s1a online ) .	method
this detected	result
mdc1 isolated from hela nuclear extracts , indicating that mdc1 s329/t331 phosphorylation is present in proliferating human cells ( fig 2a , left panels ) .	result
the signal from this antibody was lost	result
when mdc1 precipitated with gammah2ax peptide-coupled beads was treated with phosphatase , confirming its phospho-specificity ( fig 2a , left panels ; detection of rad50 indicates equal protein loading ) .	result
interestingly ,	result
although gamma-irradiation of osteosarcoma ( u2os ) cells caused little change in the amount of mdc1 s329/t331 phosphorylation , it reduced the overall levels of mdc1 ( fig 2a , right panels ) .	result
this suggests	implication
that , after dna damage , s329/t331-phosphorylated mdc1 is more stable than the unmodified protein .	implication
consistent with these data , s329/t331-phosphorylated mdc1 was detected	result
by immunofluorescence in both control and gamma-irradiated cells ( fig 2b ; note the absence of staining in cells treated with mdc1 small interfering rna ( sirna ) ) , confirming that sdtd-phosphorylated mdc1 is present in the absence of damage and also forms irif .	implication
notably , we did not detect any cell-cycle-dependent alteration of mdc1 s329/t331 phosphorylation relative to total mdc1 protein content by	result
using flow cytometry , which suggests that sdtd phosphorylation occurs throughout interphase ( supplementary fig s1b online ) .	result

total cellular rnas were prepared using an rneasy mini kit ( qiagen , chatsworth , ca , usa )	method
and rt-pcr was performed as described previously [ 38 ] .	method
amplified products were analyzed by agarose gel electrophoresis .	method
quantitative determination of the pcr products ( qpcr ) was performed	method
using a thunderbird qpcr mix ( toyobo , osaka , japan ) and 7300 real time pcr system ( applied biosystems , foster city , ca , usa ) .	method
all reactions were performed in triplicate .	method
primer sets	method
to detect p21 transcripts were as follows : total p21 forward , 5'-gacaccactggagggtgact ; reverse , 5'-ccctaggctgtgctcacttc ; alt-a forward , 5'-ggtggctattttgtccttgg ; reverse , 5'-acaggtccacatggtcttcc ; variant-1 forward , 5'-ctgccgaagtcagttccttg ; reverse , common to alt-a reverse .	method

fak activation and focal adhesions formation are closely related events .	fact
until recently , the exact order	problem
in which they occur following integrin stimulation was greatly debated .	problem
recent experiments ( wilson et al. , 1995 ; chrzanowska-wodnicka and burridge , 1996 ) showed	result
that fak activation is a result of focal adhesion formation .	implication
due to the physical tension caused by the stress fiber formation in a cell , under the control of the rho gtpase , the associated integrins cluster and associate with other structural proteins like alpha-actinin and tensin ( burridge and chrzanowska-wodnicka , 1996 ) .	result
fak proteins are associated with integrins and can transphosphorylate in a manner similar to receptor tyrosine kinases following extracellular ligand	result
binding .	result
this phosphorylation activates fak and provides docking sites for other signal transduction proteins	implication
that propagate integrin-triggered pathways .	implication

in vitro binding assays were performed as described ( fazioli et al. , 1993 ) .	method
gst fusion proteins were purified by affinity chromatography on agarose-bound glutathione .	method
his-tagged cooh-terminal tail of sos-1 was purified by affinity chromatography on agarose-bound ni .	method
for the in vitro binding experiments , 5-60 pmol of purified immobilized gst fusion proteins , or wild-type gst , were incubated with total cellular proteins ( 1-2 mg ) , prepared	method
as described above .	method
after several washing with	method
washing buffer , proteins were resolved by sds-page and analyzed by immunoblotting .	method

this hyperphosphorylation of p130cas , paxillin , and fak is constitutive ,	fact
meaning the cells were not stimulated with growth factors or extracellular ligands .	result
also , cell spreading was associated with paxillin tyrosine phosphorylation ( richardson et al. , 1997 ) .	result
finally , overexpression of ptp1b , a ptp	method
for which p130cas is a substrate ( liu et al. , 1996 ) , caused inhibition of cell spreading ( liu et al. , 1998 ) .	result
these facts led	hypothesis
us to investigate whether the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells could be , on the contrary , more prone to attach on fibronectin since p130cas , paxillin , and fak are already hyperphosphorylated .	hypothesis
normally growing cells were trypsinized and plated on fibronectin-coated tissue culture plates .	method
after 10 , 15 , and 30 min , random fields were photographed and	method
the cells were counted for the extent of cell spreading .	method
the results of two independent experiments with different populations of the two same ptp-pest ( -/- ) and ( +/- ) clones	method
that were tested in the preceding experiments are shown in fig. 5 .	method
after 10 min , more ptp-pest ( -/- ) are opaque ,	result
which is a characteristic of spread cells under phase-contrast microscopy ( fig. 5 , a and b ) .	method
photographs of fields after 30 min ( fig. 5 , c and d ) as well as a quantitative curve of the spreading time course ( fig. 5 e ) are also shown .	method

we demonstrated that the activation of the mapk pathway closely parallels to the nuclear translocation of p42/p44 mapk ;	result
therefore , it was essential to verify that chx did not abrogate p42/p44 mapk activity , since this would explain the inhibition of nuclear translocation .	hypothesis

signal transduction by immunoreceptors ( tcrs , b cell receptors , and most fc receptors ) after their aggregation by natural ligands or abs is initiated by activation of protein tyrosine kinases ( ptks ) of the src and syk families ,	fact
which phosphorylate a variety of substrates , thus allowing propagation of the initial stimulus to cytosolic signaling pathways 1 .	fact
other structural membrane elements apparently important for initiation of immunoreceptor-mediated signaling are the so-called glycosphingolipid-enriched microdomains ( gems ) , also known as membrane rafts or detergent-insoluble glycolipid-rich membrane domains 23 .	fact
these are small islets ( < 70 nm ) in the plasma membrane of most cell types and are enriched in glycosphingolipids , sphingomyelin , and cholesterol .	fact
the major extracellular protein components of gems are molecules	fact
that are anchored in the outer membrane leaflet via a glycolipid ( glycosylphosphatidylinositol ) anchor .	fact
in contrast , most transmembrane proteins ( with a few exceptions ) are excluded from the gems 45 .	result
gems seem	result
to form a specific " ordered liquid phase " more or less separated from the less-ordered bulk membrane , presumably because of their high content of cholesterol and lipids possessing saturated acyl chains 67 .	result
gems are relatively resistant	result
to solubilization at 0-4degreesc by some types of detergents ( e.g. , triton x-100 , np-40 , brij series ) , but are mostly dissociated by detergents of the n-alkyl glycosidic type ( octylglucoside , dodecylmaltoside [ 8-10 ] ) .	result
because of their high lipid content , gems can be conveniently isolated from detergent extracts by	result
density gradient ultracentrifugation 8 .	result
the cytoplasmic side of gems is associated with several molecules involved in initiation of immunoreceptor	fact
signaling 11121314151617 .	none
these are heterotrimeric g proteins , src family kinases , and the recently cloned transmembrane adaptor protein linker for activation of t cells ( lat ) .	fact
src family kinases and g proteins are anchored in the plasma membrane by means of nh2-terminal dual acylation with long saturated fatty acids 1617 .	result
similarly , the transmembrane protein lat is targeted to gems of t lymphocytes by palmitoylation of two membrane-proximal cysteine residues 15 .	result
at least a fraction of the cd4 and cd8 co-receptors is also found in gems 18 , possibly because of their association with lck and/or lat 1920 .	result

these results show	implication
that when sos-1 is engaged in a multimolecular complex containing at least eps8 , e3b1 , and sos-1 itself ( the contribution of other proteins can not be excluded ) , it displays exclusive rac specificity .	implication
this is mirrored biochemically by the finding	implication
that sos-1 binds to nucleotide-depleted rac only when its association with eps8 and e3b1 is preserved .	result
on the contrary , sos-1 acts as a ras-specific gef when alone or in association with grb2 ( fig. 7 ; buday and downward , 1993b ) .	result
thus , in light of these results and previous finding , we conclude	implication
that a s/g complex directs ras activation through binding to rtks , whereas a s/e complex directs rac activation by entering into a tricomplex with eps8 ( fig. 9 ) .	implication

natural chromosome ends require	fact
mechanisms to prevent the activation of the dna damage response .	fact
inhibition of the atm kinase at human telomeres is particularly important since the telomeric complex contains the mre11 complex , one of the dna damage sensors of the atm pathway ( carson et al. 2003 ; petrini and stracker 2003 ; uziel et al. 2003 ) .	fact
the telomeric protein trf2 appears	fact
to play a central role in preventing telomeres from activating atm .	fact
removal of trf2 from telomeres results in the localization of the active , phosphorylated form of atm to unprotected chromosome ends	fact
takai et al. 2003 ) and induces atm-dependent apoptosis ( karlseder et al. 1999 ) .	fact
the data reported	result
here are consistent with the hypothesis that trf2 protects telomeres through a direct interaction with atm that blocks its activation .	implication
as a result , trf2 abrogates the downstream outcomes of the atm-dependent dna damage response , including phosphorylation of various atm targets and cell cycle arrest .	implication

the two migration assays are complementary ,	method
since each has different limitations .	method
for instance , the wound healing assay is affected by the rates of cell proliferation and by cell-cell adhesive interactions	method
which restrict the ability of the cells to move into the wounded area .	method
in the chamber assay , differences in cell shape and size may alter the ability of the cells	hypothesis
to pass through the pores .	hypothesis
taken together , the data suggest	implication
that the loss of ptp-pest results in motility defects in embryonic fibroblast cell lines that can be reincreased by overexpression of ptp-pest in the ( -/- ) cells .	implication

in view of its capacity to associate and colocalize with ptp-pest , the potential for wasp to serve as a ptp-pest substrate in t cells was examined by	goal
coexpressing wasp with ptp-pest or a catalytically inactive form of ptp-pest ( ptp-pest c231s ) in jurkat cells and examining these cells with respect to inducible wasp tyrosine phosphorylation status .	method
as shown in fig. 4 e	result
tcr-induced wasp tyrosine phosphorylation in these cells is essentially abrogated by ptp-pest overexpression , but is enhanced by expression of catalytically inactive and likely dominant negative-acting ptp-pest c231s .	result
thus , ptp-pest-mediated tyrosine dephosphorylation may counteract fyn-mediated phosphorylation of wasp after t cell stimulation and ,	implication
by extension , wasp contributions to t cell activation might be modulated by the relative balance of these respective enzyme activities .	implication

macrophage receptors that sense francisella and mediate phagocytosis are just being defined [ 35 ]	problem
but the linkages between receptors and intracellular signaling pathways are essentially unknown .	problem
earlier studies suggested	fact
that , since there is a lack of macrophage inflammatory response to the lps of francisella , it is unlikely that tlr4 is involved [ 36-38 ] .	fact
other studies propose	hypothesis
that tlr2 may be important [ 39 ] .	hypothesis
recent work also suggests a role for intracellular recognition of the pathogen [ 39 ] .	hypothesis
the role of ship in pro-inflammatory cytokine response elicited by tlr4 or tlr2 engagement has been studied .	method
thus , studies by strassheim et al. demonstrated	result
that ship negatively regulates tlr2 signaling [ 30 ] .	result
in contrast , the presence of ship appears	fact
to enhance tlr4-induced inflammatory response .	fact
in an earlier study , we have demonstrated	result
that ship-deficient macrophages are hyporesponsive to tlr4 engagement compared to their wild-type counterparts [ 16 ] .	result
these findings are supported by recent reports by rauh et al. [ 27,29 ] .	result
although the latter group earlier reported a negative regulatory role for ship [ 40 ]	result
these findings were later attributed by the same group to in vitro culture conditions of macrophages in their study [ 29 ] .	result
our current findings that ship negatively regulates	implication
francisella-induced inflammatory response are consistent with a role for tlr2 in francisella-induced signaling .	implication
additional studies are required	problem
to test this notion .	problem

pstpip is homologous to s. pombe cdc15 , an actin-associated protein	fact
that is critically involved in the formation of the cleavage furrow during cell division ( fankhauser et al. , 1995 ) .	fact
during our manipulations of the ptp-pest ( -/- ) cells , we observed a high occurrence of cells	result
that seemed blocked in a late stage of cytokinesis , with the two daughter cells almost independent , but still attached to each other by an actin-rich junction which appears to be derived from the cleavage furrow .	result
fig. 8 a shows	result
the actin cleavage furrow rings of several of these cells as stained by rhodamine-phalloidin. fig. 8 b represents the same cells showing the indirect antiphosphotyrosine immunostaining and revealing a clear band of tyrosine phosphorylated material at the cleavage furrow .	result
to eliminate the possibility of contamination of the rhodamine fluorescence through the fitc filter	goal
the same antiphosphotyrosine staining was performed in the absence of rhodamine-phalloidin , with the same result .	method
these cells were found in all ptp-pest ( -/- ) cultures	result
that we observed , and were virtually absent from any other wild-type cell lines .	result
the rare ptp-pest ( +/- ) cells found in this phase were also probed for antiphosphotyrosine	result
and the cleavage furrow did reveal some staining .	result
fig. 8 b does not represent a phenotype but shows the implication of tyrosine phosphorylation in cytokinesis ,	result
which can explain why a ptp could play a role in this event .	implication
this phenomenon was postulated	hypothesis
to be the result of a longer m phase due to an impairment of the actin rearrangement during division , a process where tyrosine phosphorylation is involved .	hypothesis

to raise mouse polyclonal and mabs to the intracellular domain of pag	goal
f1 ( balb/c x b10.a ) hybrid mice were immunized with the bacterially expressed his-tagged pag fragment described above .	method
hybridomas were prepared and selected by standard techniques using sp2/0 myeloma cells as fusion partners .	method

a common feature of proteins endowed with gef catalytic activity is their ability	fact
to bind to their specific nucleotide-depleted gtpase with relative high affinities .	fact
thus , one might postulate that sos-1 associates with the nucleotide-free form of rac	hypothesis
exclusively when engaged in the s/e/e8 complex .	hypothesis
purified and nucleotide depleted , gst-rac and gst-cdc42 proteins were therefore used	method
to test their ability to interact with sos-1 .	method
native sos-1 , present in lysates of -/ - [ eps8myc ] fibroblasts , could be specifically recovered with nucleotide-depleted immobilized gst-rac , but not with gst-cdc42 or gst alone ( fig. 7 c ) .	method
conversely , no sos-1 could be recovered with gst-rac from lysates of eps8-/ - cells .	result
thus , eps8 is required for the association between sos-1 and nucleotide-free rac .	implication
furthermore , under conditions	result
in which the eps8-e3b1 or the e3b1-sos-1 interactions were disrupted by specifically competing peptides , a reduction of > 80 % in the amount of sos-1 bound to nucleotide-depleted rac was observed ( fig. 7 c ) .	result
this latter result strongly suggests	implication
that an intact s/e/e8 complex is required for binding to rac , providing a molecular basis for the catalytic specificity of the complex .	implication

in this study , we show	implication
that one wnt ligand can function in two discreet pathways based on receptor availability ( figure 7 ) .	implication
data in the literature suggest	hypothesis
that this may also apply to other wnts .	hypothesis
for example , wnt1 is known	fact
to activate canonical wnt signaling through beta-catenin and tcf and act as an oncogene [ 51 ] .	fact
however ,	result
using overexpression in various cell lines , smit et al. presented evidence that wnt1 inhibits tcf activity [ 33 ] .	result
another example is wnt11 ,	result
which has been implicated in the noncanonical convergence-extension pathway in zebrafish [ 52 ] .	result
recent work , by contrast , demonstrates	result
that wnt11 is the long-sought ligand that activates the beta-catenin pathway in the early xenopus embryo , showing that one wnt can activate two different pathways , possibly also by activating different receptors [ 53 ] .	implication

legend to supplementary figure 1	none

to understand the physiological function of peli1 in immune regulation	goal
we performed studies using peli1-/ - mice .	method
these mutant mice were generated	method
using conventional targeting strategy , in which coding exons 1 and 2 were replaced with a lacz/neomycin cassette ( supplementary fig. 1 ) .	method
the peli1 homozygous knockout ( peli1-/- ) mice were viable and did not display overt abnormalities in growth and survival .	result
the development of thymocytes appeared	result
to be normal , as peli1-/ - and peli1+/+ mice produced comparable frequencies of cd4+ and cd8+ single-positive cells and cd4+cd8+ double-positive cells ( supplementary fig. 2 ) .	result
the number of t cells was also normal in the spleen of peli1-/ - mice ( data not shown ) .	result
similarly , the peli1 deficiency did not cause obvious defect in the generation of b cells .	result
follicular and marginal zone b cells were present in comparable percentages in peli1-/ - and peli1+/+ mice ( supplementary fig. 2 ) .	result
thus , peli1 appears	implication
to be dispensable for the development of immune cells .	implication

for complementation studies , prs-pex14 ( albertini et al. , 1997 ) was digested with hpai/hindiii and	method
the internal fragment of pex14 ( nt 123-702 ) was exchanged by a hpai/hindiii fragment of pex14axxa from plasmid pwg14/4 .	method
the resulting plasmid pwg14/9 contained the pex14axxa-orf as well as 601 bp of the 5 ' - and 628 bp of the 3'-noncoding region of pex14 .	fact
for complementation studies of pex13delta , the 1.9-kb xhoi/psti fragment of pwg13/13 containing the pex13e320k-orf , as well as 356 bp 5 ' - and 381 bp 3'-noncoding region of pex13 were subcloned in the yeast cen-plasmid prs351 ( sikorski and hieter , 1989 ) resulting in pwg13/15 .	method

coimmunoprecipitation experiments were performed	method
as described in rehling et al. ( 1996 ) with the exception of omitting the 35,000 g sedimentation step .	method

phenotypic analyses of mutant and gene-targeted mice ,	method
as described above , have unveiled the essential roles of nik in lymphoid organogenesis and of ikkalpha in limb and skin development .	method
however , the roles of nik and ikkalpha in cytokine signaling still remain controversial .	problem
we have approached this question with the use of in vivo mouse models .	method
here , we show	result
that nik-ikkalpha constitutes an essential pathway for the induction of nf-kappab through ltbetar , whereas this pathway is dispensable in tnfr-i signaling .	implication

chinese hamster lung fibroblasts	none
ccl39 were maintained in dme ( catalog # 52100 ; life technologies , inc. , gaithersburg , md ) containing 25 mm nahco3 .	method
the derived ccl39-deltaraf-1 : er clone ( 28 ) was maintained in dme without phenol red and supplemented with glutamine and glucose	method
to reach the concentrations of normal dme ( catalog # 11880 ) .	method
both culture media were supplemented with 7.5 % fcs ( gibco-brl ; life technologies , inc. ) , penicillin ( 50 u/ml ) , and streptomycin ( 50 mug/ml ) .	method
cells were maintained at 37degreesc in the presence of 5 % co2 .	method

for a total of 25 phosphotyrosines , a single interaction partner was found , and	result
for 13 additional tyrosine residues , we found more than one interacting protein ( table i ) .	result
not surprisingly , 49 out of the 89 investigated	result
tyrosine residues did not have an interaction partner to their phosphorylated form .	result
most of the tyrosine residues without interaction partners are located in and around the kinase domain ,	result
whereas the residues that interacted with specific partners accumulated at the c-terminal regions of the receptors .	result
strikingly , all binding partners with a significant ratio in our assay had either an sh2 or a ptb domain .	result

innate immunity serves as the first line of host defense against infections .	fact
host cells are equipped with pattern-recognition receptors ( prrs )	fact
that recognize diverse pathogen-associated molecular patterns ( pamps ) , such as lipopolysaccharide ( lps ) , peptidoglycan ( pgn ) , single - and double-stranded rna , and dna 1 .	fact
a major family of prrs is the toll-like receptor ( tlr ) family .	fact
to date , 10 human and 12 mouse tlrs , each of which recognize distinct pamps , have been cloned 2 . for example , tlr4 recognizes lps derived from the outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria , tlr3 recognizes viral double-stranded rna as well as the synthetic nucleic acid poly ( i : c ) , whereas tlr9 recognizes unmethylated cpg motifs present in bacterial and viral dnas 2 . recognition of pamps by tlrs triggers signaling pathways that lead to the production of proinflammatory cytokines , chemokines , and type i interferons ( ifns ) .	fact
these proteins combat invading pathogens and recruit additional immune cells to the site of infection .	fact
tlrs also facilitate induction of	fact
costimulatory molecules ( e.g .	fact
cd80 and cd86 ) and mhc class ii on dendritic cells and b cells , and stimulate b cell proliferation 3 , 4 .	fact

to understand the molecular mechanism mediating the resistance of peli1-/ - mice to septic shock induction	goal
we bled the lps - and poly ( i : c ) -challenged mice during early time periods ( 1-4 hours ) after lps and poly ( i : c ) injection and measured the serum concentrations of pro-inflammatory cytokines as well as the anti-viral cytokine interferon ( ifn ) -beta .	method
injection of peli1+/+ mice led to the production of high concentrations of tnf , il-6 , il-12p40 , and ifn-beta ( fig. 1c ) .	result
consistent with the lethality result , the induction of pro-inflammatory cytokines was severely attenuated in the peli1-/ - mice ( fig. 1c ) .	result
loss of peli1 also partially inhibited the proinflammatory cytokine induction by poly ( i : c ) ( fig. 1d ) .	result
on the other hand , peli1 deficiency only slightly reduced the production of ifn-beta ( fig. 1c , d ) .	result
these results suggest a critical role for peli1 in	implication
regulating tlr3 and tlr4-mediated proinflammatory cytokine induction and lethality .	implication

since s/g and s/e complexes are present in the cells simultaneously	fact
then both sos-1-dependent ras - and rac-gef activities are present at the same time .	fact
the question remains as to	problem
how these two complexes , and the ensuing ras and rac activities , are coordinated to achieve propagation of signals .	problem
we therefore looked for evidence of differential regulation of the s/g and s/e complex upon rtk stimulation .	hypothesis
upon pdgf stimulation , we observed decreased coimmunoprecipitation between grb2 and sos-1 and consequently between pdgfr and sos-1 ( fig. 8 , a and b ) ,	result
which correlated with the appearance of a mobility-retarded form of sos-1 .	result
this likely represents a hyperphosphorylated form of sos-1 ,	implication
as previously demonstrated ( baltensperger et al. , 1993 ; cherniack et al. , 1994 ; pronk et al. , 1994 ) .	implication
conversely , under identical conditions , the coimmunoprecipitation between e3b1 and sos-1 was not affected ( fig. 8 a ) .	result
similarly , the stability of the endogenous trimeric complex , sos-1/eps8/e3b1 was not affected by treatment of cells with growth factors ( fig. 8 c ) .	result

to examine the mechanism by which ship down-regulates pro-inflammatory cytokine production by f. novicida-infected macrophages	goal
cell signaling events activated in infected macrophages were first analyzed .	method
here , murine bmms were infected with f. novicida for varying time points , and	method
the following analyses were performed with the cell lysates and cell supernatants .	method
first , activation of the map kinases	method
erk , p38 , and jnk was analyzed by western blotting protein-matched lysates with phospho-specific antibodies ( figure 3a ) .	method
all membranes were reprobed with antibody	method
to actin to ensure equal loading of protein in all lanes .	method
results indicated	result
that all three mapks were activated in response to f. novicida infection as previously reported [ 13 ] .	result
the phosphorylation levels of mapks peaked at 30 min and gradually diminished , but were still persistent even at 8 h post infection .	result
second , we examined the activation of the pi3k pathway by	goal
analyzing phosphorylation status of the pi3k-dependent serine/threonine kinase akt .	method
the results shown in figure 3b indicate	result
that the pi3k/akt pathway is also activated during f. novicida infection .	result
finally , cell supernatants were analyzed for pro-inflammatory cytokines by elisa .	method
as seen in figure 3c , bmms infected with f. novicida produced significant amounts of the pro-inflammatory mediators il-12 , il-6 , and rantes ,	result
which became detectable at about 5 h post infection .	result

although we show that wnt5a protein can inhibit canonical wnt signaling , the question remains of	hypothesis
whether wnt5a can activate wnt/beta-catenin signaling in mammalian systems .	hypothesis
multiple fz receptors , including mfz4 , mfz6 , mfz7 , and mfz8 , were assayed for their ability	method
to transduce wnt5a-mediated canonical wnt signaling ( unpublished data ) .	method
we found that wnt5a could indeed activate wnt/beta-catenin signaling when cells overexpressed mfz4	result
none of the other overexpressed receptors could transduce the wnt5a signal .	result
western blot analysis of cytosolic extracts probed for beta-catenin ( figure 4a ) shows	result
that while wnt5a has no effect on cytosolic beta-catenin levels in the parental 293 cell line , wnt5a can induce modest beta-catenin accumulation in cells stably expressing a flag-tagged mfz4 construct ( 293fz4 ) .	result
these results are in accordance with observations by umbhauer et al. [ 41 ]	result
that coinjection of xwnt5a rna with xfz4 rna leads to the synergistic activation of wnt/beta-catenin target genes in xenopus animal caps .	result

to clarify whether binding of pex14p to the sh3 domain is a prerequisite for the peroxisomal targeting of pex14p	goal
we analyzed the subcellular localization of pex14p under conditions in which this interaction is blocked .	method
a proline-rich sequence	fact
which corresponds to a type ii sh3 domain binding motif is present within the primary sequence of pex14p ( albertini et al. , 1997 ; brocard et al. , 1997 ) .	fact
we substituted pro87 and pro90 of this putative binding motif ( pptlphrdw ) by two alanines ( patlahrdw ) .	method
remarkably , the mutated pex14paxxa still complemented the peroxisome biogenesis defect of pex14delta cells ( data not shown ) .	result
we also introduced an e320k mutation in the reverse transcriptase loop ( rt loop ) of the sh3 domain of pex13p .	method
this mutation has been reported	result
to result in the inactivation of pex13p function ( elgersma et al. , 1996 ) .	result
as shown in fig. 8 , the mutated pex14paxxa had lost the ability to bind pex13p in the yeast two-hybrid system	result
while binding to pex5p , pex7p , and oligomerization of the protein was unchanged .	result
also the e320k mutation of pex13p abolished the two-hybrid interaction of the sh3 domain of pex13p with pex14p ( fig. 8 ) .	result
these results suggest	implication
that strong interactions between pex14p and the sh3 domain of pex13p are dependent on the pxxp motif within pex14p , as well as on the rt loop of the sh3 domain of pex13p .	implication

expression of transforming ha-ras leads to profound morphological alterations	result
which include a disassembly of f-actin stress fibers ( bar-sagi and feramisco , 1986 ; ridley and hall , 1992 ; prendergast and gibbs , 1993 ; dartsch et al. , 1994 ) .	result
similar effects have been described in src-transformed cells ( felice et al. , 1990 ; chang et al. , 1995 ) .	result
ras has been shown	result
to induce changes in cytoskeletal actin through members of the rho family ( ridley et al. , 1992 ; rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 ) .	result
this family comprises the rhoa , rhob , and rhoc proteins , rac-1 and rac-2 , tc10 , two cdc42hs proteins ( also known as g25k ) , rhog ( hall , 1990 ; shinjo et al. , 1990 ; ridley and hall , 1992 ; ridley , 1995 ) , and rnd1 and rnd-3/ rhoe ( nobes et al. , 1998 ) .	result
expression of a dominant-negative ( dn ) 1 mutant of rac-1 ( asn-17 rac1 ) has been shown	result
to inhibit focus formation and tumorigenesis induced by oncogenic ras ( qui et al. , 1995a , b ; prendergast et al. , 1995 ) .	result
similar findings have been described after expression of a dn asn-19 rhob ( prendergast et al. , 1995 ) .	result
expression of asn-19 rhob did not interfere with foci formation by raf-1 ,	result
indicating that the ras-rhob pathway is independent of raf-1 ( prendergast et al. , 1995 ) .	result
the compound sch 51344 has been described as a suppressor of ha-ras-mediated transformation ( kumar et al. , 1995 ) by	result
antagonizing the actin fiber reorganization without interference with the growth factor-induced activation of mek , p44erk1 , or p90rsk ( kumar et al. , 1995 ) .	result
the data obtained with	result
the dn rac and rho mutants and sch 51344 reverting transformation by ras emphasize the significance of the ras-induced reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton for the transformation by the oncogene .	result

pag is ubiquitously expressed ( fig. 5 a ) .	result
this characteristic ( as well as its phosphorylation status in nonstimulated cells , described below ) distinguishes it from the other transmembrane adaptor proteins	implication
whose expression seems to be largely restricted to hematopoietic cells .	implication
the wide expression of pag indicates	result
that transmembrane adaptor proteins not only play important signaling functions within the hematopoietic system but also in other tissues .	implication

in addition to activation of ikk , the trif-dependent tlr pathway stimulates the activity of ikk-related kinases , ikkepsilon and tbk1 .	fact
to further investigate the signaling mechanism of peli1	goal
we examined its role in the activation of ikkepsilon induced by poly ( i : c ) and lps .	method
in contrast to the activation of ikk , the activation of ikkepsilon downstream of both poly ( i : c ) and lps was similar in peli1-/ - and peli1+/+ mefs ( fig. 4f ) .	result
thus , peli1 plays a selective role in	implication
regulating ikk-nf-kappab activation by tlr3 .	implication

to test this possibility in vivo , we set out	goal
to perturb the equilibrium between the sos-1-e3b1 ( s/e ) and sos-1-grb2 ( s/g ) complexes , by increasing the levels of e3b1 within the cell .	method
if the two complexes are functionally distinct ,	hypothesis
then the overexpression of e3b1 , by competing the s/g interaction , should result in ( a ) reduced sos-1 recruitment in vivo to active egfr , ( b ) consequent reduction in ras activation , as measured by reduced ras-gtp levels , ( c ) reduced activation of ras-dependent pathways , as measured by activation of mapk , and finally ( d ) reduced proliferative response .	hypothesis
all of these predictions were confirmed experimentally ( fig. 4 , a-c ) .	result

to determine whether wnt5a protein inhibits beta-catenin signaling via the direct activation of intracellular ca 2+ flux downstream of heterotrimeric g proteins	goal
293 cells transiently transfected with the stf reporter were treated with 50 ng/ml w3a protein and increasing doses of wnt5a protein following 24-h pretreatment with vehicle or 100 ng/ml ( 0.1 mum ) ptx. figure 3a shows that wnt5a protein-mediated inhibition of the stf reporter was not affected by ptx treatment .	method
the ptx used was active in these cells , as lysophosphatidic acid ( lpa )	result
treatment of cells following pretreatment with ptx was unable to stimulate the phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases erk1 and erk2 , a known ptx-sensitive process in 293 cells [ 39 ] ( figure 3b ) .	result
these data are consistent with topol et al. 's [ 16 ] findings	result
that overexpression of a dominant negative version of camkii , and treatment of cells with a specific inhibitor of camkii , does not perturb wnt5a-mediated inhibition of wnt/beta-catenin signaling in 293 cells .	result

addition of chx to serum-stimulated ccl39 cells did not modify the activity ( fig. 5 ) nor the levels of p42/p44 mapk ( data not shown ) .	result
indeed , chx treatment did not affect serum stimulation of p42/p44 mapk measured at 7 min	result
compare lanes 4 and 5 ) or at 60 min ( compare lanes 7 and 8 ) .	result
chx treatment even enhanced activation of p42/ p44 mapk at 3 h ( compare lanes 10 and 11 ) ,	result
which is in accordance to previous observations ( 7 ) .	result
the prolongation of mapk activation by chx treatment may be a consequence of	hypothesis
blocking the inducible expression of specific mapk phosphatases of the mkp family : mkp-1 ( 45 ) , mkp-2 ( 20 , 34 ) , and mkp-3 ( 19 , 36 ) .	result
thus , the inhibition of p42/p44 mapk nuclear translocation by chx treatment , observed in fig. 4 , can not be attributed to inhibition of the p42/p44 mapk signaling pathway .	implication
furthermore , we were able to rule out the possibility	result
that chx exerted its action via nonspecific effects since inhibition of protein synthesis by 100 ng/ml anisomycin and inhibition of transcription by 5 mug/ml actinomycin d also prevented p42/ p44 mapk nuclear localization after serum or deltaraf-1 : er chimera stimulation ( data not shown ) .	result
in addition , we ruled out a possible effect of chx via activation of jnk/ p38 stress-activated protein kinases ( sapk ) by	result
showing that il1-beta or low concentrations of anisomycin ( two potent activators of sapks ) did not change the nuclear accumulation of mapks in response to serum .	result
finally , by	result
analyzing the localization of the transcription factor sp1 , mek , or a nuclear form of mek ( nls : mek ) , we ruled out unspecific effects of chx on the nuclear import/export of proteins in general ( data not shown ) .	result
taken together , these experiments clearly demonstrate	implication
that the transcriptional stimulation driven by p42/p44 mapk activation and the resulting protein neosynthesis are absolutely required for the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk observed after 1-3 h of mitogenic stimulation .	implication

cells were inoculated into a 24-well plate ( 8 x 104cells.well-1 ) .	method
twenty-four hours later , cells were transfected with the indicated amount of a reporter plasmid and an effector plasmid and cultured for 24 h .	method
total amounts of transfected dna were adjusted with prl-tk ( promega ) .	method
cells were disrupted with a passive lysis buffer ( promega ) .	method
luciferase activity in lysates was determined by a dual luciferase reporter assay system ( promega ) .	method

to determine the binding partners of pex7p	goal
we isolated mycpex7p from wild-type and various pex mutant strains by immunoprecipitation , and immunoblotted for the presence of selected peroxins .	method
as reported previously , we found pex5p , pex13p , pex14p , and pex17p associated with mycpex7p	result
when the receptor was precipitated from wild-type or complemented pex7delta cells ( albertini et al. , 1997 ; huhse et al. , 1998 ) .	result
comparison of the constituents of the precipitates revealed five interesting observations .	result

constructions of the gal4p-ad-pex5p , gal4p-db-pex7p , and gal4p-ad-pex14p fusion proteins have been described previously ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 ; rehling et al. , 1996 ; albertini et al. , 1997 ) .	result
cotransformation of two-hybrid vectors into the pcy2 and hf7c was performed according to gietz and sugino ( 1988 ) .	method
double transformants were selected on sd synthetic medium without tryptophane and leucine .	method
beta-galactosidase activity of transformed cells was determined by a filter assay described by rehling et al. ( 1996 ) ,	method
using x-gal ( gibco brl ) as substrate .	method
his auxotrophy of transformed hf7c was determined by growth on selective plates	method
lacking leucine , tryptophane , and histidine , but containing 10 mm 3-aminotriazole .	result

we note	implication
that our mapping data are at variance with those recently reported by fan and goff ( 2000 ) , who concluded that , in vivo , the interaction between sos-1 and e3b1-abi-1 is mediated by the nh2-terminal portion of the latter .	implication
consistently , fan and goff ( 2000 ) did not observe competition in vivo between grb2 and e3b1 for binding to sos-1 .	result
although we can not exclude that the nh2-terminal region of e3b1-abi-1 participates in binding , in vivo , we were not able	implication
to observe a high-affinity binding surface in that region by in vitro binding experiments ( fig. 2 a ; scita et al. , 1999 ) .	result
conversely , under our conditions of analysis , the efficient competition of the sh3 domains of grb2 and e3b1 for binding to the same sos-1 peptide , coupled to the readily detectable biological competition , strongly suggests	result
that the sh3-mediated contact is the major determinant of the interaction between sos-1 and e3b1 .	implication

previously , we demonstrated	result
that p53 and tlp are recruited to the same region of the p21 gene in etoposide-treated cells [ 14 ] .	result
in this study , we confirmed	goal
that p53 ( fig. 6a ) and tlp ( fig. 6d , lanes 1 and 2 ) were substantially recruited to the upstream promoters in cells treated with etoposide , which is one of the typical genotoxins .	result
figure 6b shows that large amounts of tfiia bind to the upstream p53re-containing region .	result
furthermore , we found	result
that exogenous tlp but not n37e increased the amount of upstream promoter-bound tfiia ( fig. 6c ) .	result
these results indicate	implication
that tfiia-binding ability of tlp is required for recruitment of tfiia to the upstream promoter .	implication
we next determined	goal
how many mutant tlps are recruited to the promoter in etoposide-treated cells .	goal
exogenously expressed	result
tlp and r55e clearly bound to the p53-responsive element ( fig. 6d , lanes 2 and 3 ) .	result
on the other hand , r52e and n37e showed decreased binding signals ( lanes 4 and 5 )	result
although these proteins were substantially present in cells .	result
a further chromatin immunoprecipitation ( chip ) assay demonstrated	method
that the amount of promoter-bound wild-type tlp was significantly increased by etoposide , whereas that of n37e did not change and was lower than tlp , even though amounts of n37e were higher than those of tlp in nuclei of control and etoposide-treated cells ( fig. 6e ) .	result
consequently , r52 and n37e , whose chromatin-binding results were overestimated ( fig. 6d , e ) , were demonstrated	result
to have weakened promoter-binding abilities compared with wild-type tlp .	result
we then examined the effect of etoposide on tlp-tfiia interaction .	goal
a co-immunoprecipitation experiment revealed	method
that tlp and tfiia form an intracellular complex in etoposide-treated cells upon dna damage ( fig. 6f ) .	result
the same result was obtained	result
when exogenously expressed fh-tfiia was examined ( data not shown ) .	result

an analysis of the recruitment dynamics of fluorescently tagged proteins to laser-induced dna damage showed similar recruitment kinetics for nbs1 and mdc1 , and highlighted the importance of the fha domain of nbs in this recruitment ( lukas et al , 2004 ) .	result
therefore , we thought	hypothesis
that the mdc1-mrn interaction , which depends on the fha/brct2 domains of nbs1 , might promote retention of the mrn complex in irif .	hypothesis
to test this , we used sirna	goal
to deplete endogenous mdc1 in u2os cells stably expressing sirna-resistant wild-type mdc1 ( mdc1wt ) or an mdc1 mutant without the sdtd region ( mdc1sdtddelta ; fig 4a ; supplementary fig s3a online ) .	method
the wild-type mdc1 derivative efficiently co-immunoprecipitated mrn at physiological salt concentrations ,	result
whereas only low levels of mrn were recovered in immunoprecipitates of the mdc1sdtddelta mutant ( fig 4b ) , consistent with the sdtd region being the principal mrn interaction interface .	result
this residual interaction with mrn shown by the mdc1sdtddelta mutant raises the possibility of other mdc1-mrn interactions , and would be consistent with previous findings ( goldberg et al , 2003 )	hypothesis
however , it is noteworthy that this weaker interaction was undetectable under higher salt conditions ( supplementary fig s3b online ) .	result
moreover ,	result
although both mdc1wt and mdc1sdtddelta efficiently formed irif , mdc1wt , but not mdc1sdtddelta , supported irif formation by nbs1 ( fig 4c ; see supplementary fig s3c online for quantification ) .	result
by contrast , irif formation by 53bp1 and brca1 was normal after expression of either form of mdc1 ( fig 4d ; supplementary fig s4a online ) .	result
this is consistent with 53bp1 and brca1 requiring the rnf8-binding motifs of mdc1 that are still intact in the mdc1sdtddelta mutant ( fig 4a ) , and shows	implication
that the sdtd region of mdc1 specifically mediates irif formation by nbs1 by promoting efficient mdc1-mrn interactions .	implication

apart from the dh domain , tiam1 contains several other conserved motifs , including a consensus myristoylation sequence at the nh2 terminus , a discs-large homology region ( dhr ) , and two pleckstrin homology ( ph ) domains	fact
habets et al. , 1994 ; collard , 1996 ; see fig. 1 a ) .	none
one of the ph domains is present cooh-terminally adjacent to the dh domain ,	fact
as found in all other gds proteins for rho-like gtpases ( collard , 1996 ) , while a second ph domain is located in the nh2-terminal part of tiam1 .	result
dhr domains have been implicated as protein-protein interaction motifs ( ponting and phillips , 1995 ) .	result
ph domains , primarily found in signaling molecules , are thought	hypothesis
to determine the cellular localization and/or activity of these proteins by interacting with proteins or phospholipids ( for review see lemmon et al. , 1996 ) .	hypothesis

since tfiia-binding ability of tlp was found to affect the transcriptional activation function of the upstream promoter ( fig. 2c , d )	result
we investigated how tfiia works for p21 promoters .	goal
overexpression of tfiiaalphabeta considerably stimulated the upstream promoter ( fig. 3a-a , lane 3 ) .	result
since tfiiagamma exhibited little effect ( fig. 3a-a , lane 4 )	result
the concentration of tfiiagamma in cells seemed to be sufficient for the upstream promoter .	implication
we further investigated	goal
the cooperative effect directed by tlp and tfiia in transcriptional regulation through co-overexpression of tfiiaalphabeta and tlp or n37e .	method
although the activation degree of tlp for the upstream promoter was 2.6-fold	result
co-overexpression of both tlp and tfiiaalphabeta yielded 4.0-fold activation ( fig. 3a-b , lanes 1-3 ) .	result
however , this additive effect was relatively small ( 1.8-fold )	result
when n37e and tfiiaalphabeta were used ( fig. 3a-b , lanes 4 and 5 ) .	result
a dose-responsive effect of tfiia on tlp-dependent promoter activation was observed ( fig. 3a-c ) ,	result
suggesting physical and functional interactions between tlp and tfiia .	implication
to exclude a possibility that overexpressed tfiia increases the amount of tlp protein , we examined the expression level of tlp and tfiia and confirmed	goal
that tfiia does not exhibit a significant effect on the expression of both endogenous and exogenous tlp ( fig. 3a-d ) .	result
the downstream promoter was potentiated only slightly by tfiia ( fig. 3b ) .	result
therefore it is suggested	hypothesis
that the upstream promoter is much more sensitive to the concentration of tfiia and that tfiia-binding activity of tlp is involved in this process .	hypothesis
knockdown experiments revealed	method
that the upstream promoter is much more dependent on tfiia than is the downstream promoter ( fig. 3c-a ) .	result
the effect of downregulation of tfiia by short interfering rna ( sirna ) was evaluated by western blotting ( fig. 3c-b ) .	method
we then investigated	goal
whether tfiia-dependent activation of the upstream promoter occurs in p53-deficient cells .	goal
as shown in fig. 4a , however	result
tfiia did not activate the upstream promoter in p53-deficient cells .	result
moreover , the upstream promoter harboring a mutant p53re did not respond to tfiia in addition to tlp ( fig. 4b ) .	result

the erbb family contains a total of 89 cytosolic tyrosine residues .	fact
in order to carry out a systematic analysis of binding partners to the corresponding phosphotyrosine motifs	goal
the proteomic peptide-protein interaction screen had to be optimized and streamlined .	method
in the process of scaling up the method , desthiobiotin instead of biotin was used as the tagging reagent during peptide synthesis .	method
desthiobiotinylated peptides were then immobilized on streptavidin-coated magnetic beads ( dynabeads myone streptavidin )	method
and after incubation with cell lysate , bait peptides and proteins bound to them were eluted with biotin .	method
bait peptides were removed from the reaction by precipitation of proteins .	method
as a consequence , eluted proteins did not have	method
to be separated over sds-page prior to analysis by mass spectrometry and were directly trypsin-digested in-solution .	method
this eliminated the time-consuming in-gel digestion step and reduced the number of lc-ms/ms experiments from at least six to one run per pull-down experiment .	result
furthermore , in-solution digests are more readily automatable and can be performed at a scale of hundreds or thousands .	fact
thus , the improved method allows interaction profiling at a system-wide scale .	implication

pex13p is the putative docking protein for peroxisomal targeting signal 1 ( pts1 ) -dependent protein import into peroxisomes .	fact
pex14p interacts with both the pts1 - and pts2-receptor and may represent the point of convergence of the pts1 - and pts2-dependent protein import pathways .	fact
we report the involvement of pex13p in peroxisomal import of pts2-containing proteins .	result
like pex14p ,	none
pex13p not only interacts with the pts1-receptor pex5p , but also with the pts2-receptor pex7p ; however , this association may be direct or indirect .	fact
in support of distinct peroxisomal binding sites for pex7p , the pex7p/pex13p and pex7p/ pex14p complexes can form independently. genetic	hypothesis
evidence for the interaction of pex7p and pex13p is provided by the observation that overexpression of pex13p suppresses a loss of function mutant of pex7p .	result
accordingly , we conclude	implication
that pex7p and pex13p functionally interact during pts2-dependent protein import into peroxisomes .	implication
nh2-terminal regions of pex13p are required for its interaction with the pts2-receptor	implication
while the cooh-terminal sh3 domain alone is sufficient to mediate its interaction with the pts1-receptor .	implication
reinvestigation of the topology revealed both termini of pex13p	result
to be oriented towards the cytosol .	result
we also found pex13p to be required for peroxisomal association of pex14p , yet	result
the sh3 domain of pex13p may not provide the only binding site for pex14p at the peroxisomal membrane .	implication

similarly ,	result
when ccl39-deltaraf-1 : er cells were stimulated by beta-estradiol , which induced a persistent activation and nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk ( as shown in fig. 3 ) , addition of chx was sufficient to trigger the efflux of p42/p44 mapk from the nucleus ( data not shown ) .	result
as chx treatment did not abrogate ( and even slightly enhanced ) p42/p44 mapk activation	result
we conclude that continuous protein synthesis is required to retain p42/p44 mapk in the nucleus .	implication

since rac-dependent membrane ruffling and activation of jnk are induced by membrane-associated tiam1	fact
the question of how rac is activated arises .	hypothesis
the current hypothesis is	hypothesis
that inactive rac is complexed to rhogdi and localized in the cytoplasm , as suggested for endogenous rac in neutrophils ( bokoch , 1994 ; hawkins et al. , 1995 ) and for exogenous rac and rho proteins in other cell types ( adamson et al. , 1992 ; ridley et al. , 1992 ; takaishi et al. , 1995 ; robertson et al. , 1995 ) .	hypothesis
according to this model , activation involves the dissociation of the rac-gdi complex , the translocation of gdp-bound rac to the plasma membrane , followed by the exchange of gdp for gtp by interaction with a membrane-bound gds ( bokoch , 1994 ; hawkins et al. , 1995 ) .	hypothesis
our findings , however , also indicate	implication
that tiam1 translocates from the cytoplasm to the plasma membrane after induction by serum .	implication
the most straightforward explanation for the fact	implication
that membrane-associated c1199 tiam1 , but not cytoplasmic c580 tiam1 , induces ruffling and activates jnk would be that gdp-bound rac is partly present at the plasma membrane in nih3t3 and cos-7 cells .	implication
the activation of this pool of membranebound , inactive rac by tiam1 is then sufficient for the induction of membrane ruffles and activation of jnk .	implication
alternative explanations would be	hypothesis
that the activity of tiam1 is enhanced at the plasma membrane , or that tiam1 is also involved in the translocation of rac from the cytoplasm to the plasma membrane .	hypothesis
in all these models , the controlled membrane association of tiam1 is the only determinant for the induction of membrane ruffling by rac .	implication
since msc580 tiam1 , but not c580 tiam1 , induces membrane ruffling , it is unlikely	fact
that the activation of cytoplasmic rac by tiam1 leads to the membrane translocation of gtpbound rac .	hypothesis
as discussed before , however	hypothesis
cytoplasmic gtpbound rac might be responsible for the induction of a tumorigenic phenotype by c682 tiam1 .	hypothesis
further exploration of these models will require the generation of antibodies	goal
that efficiently detect endogenous tiam1 and rac and tools to discriminate between active and inactive endogenous rac .	goal

we confirmed the physical interaction between raga and ragc ( data not shown ) .	result
the relationship between raga and ragc in s6k phosphorylation was further investigated .	goal
as shown in fig. 2b	result
raga t21n dominantly inhibited s6k phosphorylation regardless of the nucleotide binding status of the co-expressed ragc .	result
moreover , raga q66l dominantly activated s6k phosphorylation regardless of the nucleotide binding status of the co-transfected ragc .	result
notably , raga t21n and ragc s75n were poorly expressed	result
when they were transfected alone .	result
however , when they were co-transfected with either wild type or mutant versions of ragc or raga , the expression levels were markedly increased ( fig. 2b ) ,	result
suggesting dimer formation stabilizes the dominant negative mutants of raga and ragc , which are unstable .	implication

the indispensability of e3b1 in the cascade of events leading	goal
to rac activation and rac-dependent actin reorganization was further analyzed at the biological level .	goal
we have previously shown that interference with e3b1 functions , by microinjection of anti-e3b1 antibodies , inhibited pdgf-induced ruffles ( scita et al. 1999 ) .	result
we also showed that in eps8-/ -	result
cells , ruffling induced by pdgf and activated ras , but not by activated rac , was inhibited .	result
ruffling , however , could be restored upon reexpression of eps8 , but not of an eps8 mutant unable to bind to e3b1 ( scita et al. , 1999 ) , suggesting	result
that the eps8-e3b1-based complex is implicated in the transmission of signal between ras and rac .	implication
thus , one might predict	hypothesis
that a mutant of e3b1 unable to associate to eps8 should function as a dominant negative on ras-induced rac-dependent ruffling .	hypothesis
to test this	goal
we cotransfected the activated versions of either ras or rac , together with e3b1 or the e3b1dy mutant .	method
rasv12-induced , but not racql-induced , ruffles were efficiently inhibited by the coexpression of e3b1dy , but not of e3b1 wild type ( fig. 6 ) , supporting the contention	result
that the ability of e3b1 to form a complex with eps8 is required to transmit signals from ras to rac .	implication
in conclusion , our data show	implication
that two pools of sos-1 exist in the cell , coupled respectively to grb2 or e3b1 .	implication
in addition , the availability of e3b1 , but not of sos-1 , is indispensable and rate limiting in the pathway leading to rac activation .	implication

the results show	implication
that there are clear binding partners for each of the singly phosphorylated bait peptides of the y-e-y motifs ( figure 4 ) .	implication
all three y-e-y motifs contain a binding site for pi3k at the first tyrosine residue ( y1197 , y1222 and y1260 ; py-e-y )	result
and two motifs contain a binding site for grb2 at the second tyrosine residue ( y1199 and y1268 ; y-e-py ) .	result
the y-e-y motif with phosphorylated tyrosine residue y1224 ( y-e-py ) did not result in specific binding of any protein .	result
pi3k , as well as grb2 , also interacted with the doubly phosphorylated bait peptides .	result
however , grb2 interaction was weaker with the doubly phosphorylated bait peptides , compared to the interaction with the singly phosphorylated peptide , including the grb2 binding site .	result
apparently , the doubly phosphorylated regions did not have characteristic specific interaction partners .	result
since both tyrosine residues are very close together , only one of the two possible interaction partners can bind at a time , and	implication
it remains open if the doubly phosphorylated form actually occurs in vivo .	problem

48 h after the transfection procedure cells were washed twice with pbs ( 140 mm nacl , 2.7 mm kcl , 4.6 mm na2hpo4 .	method
12 h2o , 1.3 mm nah2po4 .	method
h2o ) , fixed with 3.5 % formaldehyde ( wt/vol in pbs , 10 min ) at room temperature and after extensive washing , permeabilized for 5 min with ice-cold acetone .	method
after permeabilizing , the coverslips were washed twice with pbs and incubated for 1 h with facs ( r ) buffer ( 500 ml pbs , 1 g sodium azid , and 4 % fetal calf serum ) .	method
for	method
visualizing the f-actin structure , assembly cells fixed onto glass coverslips were overlaid with 100 mul ( 0.1 g/ml ) tritc-conjugated phalloidin per coverslip for 1 h .	method
afterwards the stained cells were washed six times with pbs and with distilled water and mounted in mowiol	method
containing 0.1 % ( wt/vol ) p-phenylenediamine .	method

we purified the wnt5a protein from cells overexpressing the mouse wnt5a gene using methods derived from those developed for other members of the wnt family with	method
several modifications ( figure1a ) [ 27 ] .	method
throughout the purification , we followed the wnt5a protein	method
using an antibody that detects wnt5a on a western blot .	method
later steps in the purification were also monitored by activity assays	method
see below ) .	method
to unambiguously identify the purified protein as the product of the wnt5a gene	goal
we determined the amino-terminal sequence .	method
we found	result
that the mature protein starts with a sequence iigaqplcsqlaglsqgqkkl , a sequence beginning 62 amino acids downstream from the predicted initiator methionine of wnt5a and 24 amino acids from the predicted signal cleavage site between amino acids 37 and 38 [ 28 ] .	result
while all wnt proteins contain signal sequences required for secretion from cells	fact
generally they are not internally cleaved at a site downstream from the signal sequence .	fact
the exception , interestingly , is the drosophila ortholog of wnt5a ;	fact
dwnt5 protein is made as a precursor of more than 1,000 amino acids weighing 140 kda and cleaved into a smaller mature protein of 80 kda [ 29 ] .	fact
it is not known	fact
whether the processing of the wnt5a molecule involves specific proteases .	fact

il-1 and tnf-alpha are the two most efficient activators of the nf-kappab family of transcription factors ( 21 , 35 ) .	fact
nf-kappab remains in an inactive state	fact
when sequestered by ikappab in the cytoplasm .	fact
phosphorylation of ikappab by ikappab kinases leads to ubiquitination and subsequent degradation of ikappab by proteasomes ( 18-21 ) .	fact
released nf-kappab is then translocated to the nucleus ,	fact
where it binds to regulatory sites in nf-kappab-induced genes ( 21 ) .	fact
ikappab levels in irak-deficient cells and control cells treated with il-1 were determined by	method
immunoblotting with an ikappab-alpha-specific antibody .	method
at	result
concentrations of il-1 ranging from 10 pg/ml to 1 ng/ml , ikappab degradation was significantly less in irak-deficient cells as compared with control cells ( fig. 3 a ) .	result
however , at 10 ng/ml il-1 , ikappab-alpha was degraded almost completely in both irak-deficient and control cells .	result
il-1 induction of the nf-kappab pathway was further investigated by	goal
examining nf-kappab dna-binding activity in nuclear extracts ( fig. 3 b ) .	method
significant reduction in nf-kappab activation was observed in irak-deficient cells at low il-1 concentrations .	result
consistent with the results in ikappab degradation	result
nf-kappab activation was comparable in control and irak-deficient cells at high il-1 concentrations .	result

one of the simplest assays	method
to qualitatively compare cell migration is the wound healing migration assay .	method
fibroblast monolayers plated on fibronectin-coated slides were wounded at 37degreesc and fixed after 24 h .	method
fig. 2 shows a typical region of the wound for each cell line obtained after five independent experiments .	result
the ptp-pest ( +/- ) cells were able	result
to migrate into the wound at a rate greater than the front of cells pushed in by proliferation ( fig. 2 b ) , whereas the ( -/- ) cells showed a complete absence of chemokinetism ( fig. 2 d ) and were not able to actively invade the wounded area .	result

as shown in fig. 6 c , n17 rac-1 is able	result
to overcome stress fiber disassembly induced by ca apkc-lambda a119e ( compare with fig. 5 for the effect of apkc-lambda a119e in the absence of n17 rac-1 ) , indicating that apkc-lambda acts upstream of rac-1 .	result
stress fiber disassembly by apkc-zeta a119e , however , is not affected by n17 rac-1 ( fig. 6 d ) ,	result
suggesting that apkc-zeta acts either downstream or independent of rac-1 .	implication
a quantitative evaluation of the stress fiber alterations shown in fig. 6 is presented in fig. 4 b and fig. 10 .	result

members of the erbb-receptor family are expressed in many different tissues and play a crucial role in cell proliferation and differentiation .	fact
they are activated by ligand binding ,	fact
which leads to homo - or heterodimerization followed by transphosphorylation of characteristic tyrosines .	fact
this triggers downstream signaling cascades by recruitment of specific substrate proteins .	fact
egfr ( erbb1 ) and erbb4 are fully functional receptor tyrosine kinases ,	fact
whereas erbb2 has no endogenous ligand and erbb3 has no functional kinase domain .	fact
changes in expression and aberrant activation , especially of egfr and erbb2 , have been shown	result
to be associated with a variety of cancers ( blume-jensen and hunter , 2001 ) .	result
the egfr and its signaling pathway has been well studied with respect to protein-protein interactions	result
and for the main players in the pathway , their interaction sites have been mapped .	result
the three other members of the erbb family are less well studied ( olayioye et al , 2000 ) ,	problem
although interaction partners have also been identified for a number of phosphotyrosine residues in erbb2 , erbb3 and erbb4 .	result
a general model of	goal
how this receptor family integrates different signals from different stimuli through unique and redundant binding sites will be crucial to our understanding of the diverse biological roles of this receptor family .	goal
therefore , systematic mapping of protein interaction sites of whole protein families and motif classes combined with unbiased protein detection is necessary .	goal

rabbit polyclonal anti-pex11p antibodies were raised against a synthetic peptide ( kaksqsqgdehedhk ) corresponding to amino acids 162-176 generated by eurogentec .	method

dynabeads myone streptavidintm were saturated with biotinylated peptide prior to incubation with cell lysates .	method
cells were lysed in 1 % ( v/v ) nonident p-40 , 150 mm sodium chloride , 50 mm tris-hcl ph 7.5 , protease inhibitors ( complete tablets , roche ) , and 1 mm sodium orthovanadate as phosphatase inhibitor .	method
an equal amount of protein was incubated with the respective immobilized peptides at 4degreesc for 4 h .	method
after six rounds of washing with lysis buffer , beads of pull-down pairs with ' control ' and ' phosphorylated ' were combined ( schulze and mann , 2004 )	method
and bound proteins were eluted using 20 mm biotin .	method
eluted proteins were precipitated and subsequently digested with trypsin for lc-ms/ms analysis	method
as described .	method

we next examined the function of rag gtpases in regulation of mammalian torc1 in cultured cells .	method
human raga shares over 90 % sequence identity with ragb but only 25 % sequence identity with ragc and ragd	fact
while ragc shares 87 % sequence identity with ragd28 .	fact
wild type as well as constitutively active and dominant negative mutants of human raga	method
b , c , and d were constructed .	method
in vivo labeling of raga showed that	result
both wild type and raga q66l contained high levels of gtp while raga t21n bound little nucleotide ( supplementary fig. s1 ) .	result
we found that expression of rag , especially the constitutively active raga q66l and ragb q99l , increased phosphorylation of co-transfected ha-s6k ( fig. 2a ) .	result
in contrast , expression of dominant negative raga t21n and ragb t54n decreased s6k phosphorylation .	result
the effect of dominant negative raga and ragb expression on s6k was also evident	result
as shown by an increase in s6k mobility ( fig. 2a ) .	result
on the other hand , expression of constitutively active and dominant negative ragc or ragd had only a minor effect on s6k phosphorylation ( fig. 2a ) .	result
surprisingly , the dominant negative mutants ragc s75n and ragd s76n decreased s6k mobility ( fig. 2a ) ,	result
indicating a possible increase of phosphorylation ( see results later ) .	implication

drosophila rna interference ( rnai ) experiments were performed	method
as described with minor modifications46 .	method
briefly , primers flanked with t7 rna polymerase binding site ( gaattaatacgactcactatagggaga ) at the 5 ' end followed by gene specific sequences ( table s2 ) were designed	method
to amplify approximately 600 bp of the coding region of the gene of interest .	goal
each individual dna fragment was amplified with this primer by pcr from drosophila genomic dna and resulted	method
pcr products were purified by using the high pure pcr purification kit ( roche , indianapolis , in ) .	method
using the purified pcr products as templates , in vitro transcription was performed to produce dsrna by	method
using a megascript t7 transcription kit ( ambion , austin , tx ) .	method
the transcribed rnas were annealed in vitro by incubation at 65degreesc for 30 min followed by slow	method
cooling down to room temperature .	method
dsrna were analyzed by 1 % agarose gel electrophoresis for the integrity as well as length and quantified .	method
drosophila s2 cells were cultured in 12-well plates for 4 days with a starting density of 2 x 105 cells per well .	method
on days 1 and 3 , 4 mug of dsrna targeting the gene of interest was added directly to the culture wells .	method
cells were lysed at the end of day 4 , with 150 mul per well of the mild lysis buffer ( 10 mm tris-hcl [ ph 7.5 ] , 100 mm nacl , 1 % np-40 , 50 mm naf , 2 mm edta [ ph 8.0 ] , 1 mm dtt , 1 mm pmsf , 10 mug/ml leupeptin , and 10 mug/ml aprotinin ) .	method
cell lysates were subjected to sds-page .	method

a central signaling event involved in tlr-mediated gene induction is activation of ikk and its downstream transcription factor nf-kappab 2 . to investigate the function of peli1 in this process	fact
we examined the effect of peli1 deficiency on tlr-stimulated activation of ikk and nf-kappab using different cell types .	method
consistent with the gene induction studies ( fig. 2,3 ) , poly ( i : c ) -stimulated nf-kappab activation was severely attenuated in peli1-/ - mefs ( fig. 4a ) .	result
the peli1 deficient mefs also showed a partial inhibition of nf-kappab activation by lps ( fig. 4a ) .	result
parallel kinase assays revealed that peli1 deficiency largely impaired poly ( i : c ) -stimulated activation of ikk and also partially inhibited the lps-stimulated activation of ikk ( fig. 4b ) .	result
since tlr4 activates ikk through both myd88 - and trif-dependent pathways , whereas tlr3 activates ikk exclusively through trif 2 , these results suggest	fact
that peli1 plays a non-redundant role in promoting ikk activation in the trif-dependent tlr pathway .	result

the amount of pex7p in the membrane sediment of pex14delta cells is significantly lower than in wild-type or pex13delta cells ( fig. 2 ) , suggesting	result
that pex14p may contribute to the majority of the total binding capacity of the peroxisomal membrane for the pts2 receptor .	implication
however , a significant amount of pex7p was sedimented in the absence of pex14p ( fig. 2 , lane pex14delta ) .	result
interestingly , in cells lacking both pex13p and pex14p , no pex7p was found in the membrane pellet ,	result
which suggests that pex13p contributed to the remaining pex7p associated with peroxisomal membranes of pex14delta cells ( data not shown ) .	implication
this result , however , has	none
to be interpreted with care since the double deletion of pex13 and pex14 did result in a significant decrease in immunologically detectable pex7p ( girzalsky , w. , and r. erdmann , unpublished observations ) .	result

the relationship between tyrosine phosphorylation and wasp effector activity in t cells implies	implication
that ptp-mediated dephosphorylation of wasp is also important to wasp functions in t cell activation .	implication
previous studies of wasp ligands in t cells have revealed	result
that wasp inducibly associates with a cytosolic adaptor , pstpip1 , also known to bind a hemopoietic ptp , ptp-pest ( 5 , 24 ) .	result
these observations raise the possibility that wasp might be juxtaposed to and thereby dephosphorylated by pst-pest via its association with pstpip1	hypothesis
a paradigm observed in relation to ptp-pest-mediated dephosphorylation of the c-ab1 ptk ( 25 ) .	hypothesis
to determine whether these effectors associate with one another in t cells	goal
pstpip1 immunoprecipitates from cd3/cd28-stimulated t cells were examined for the presence of wasp and ptp-pest .	method
as shown in fig. 4 a	result
both wasp and ptp-pest coimmunoprecipitated with pstpip1 .	result
ptp-pest was also detected in wasp immunoprecipitates from stimulated t cells ( fig. 4 b ) , but	result
recombinant wasp and pst-pest did not associate in an in vitro binding assay , suggesting that their interaction is indirect and possibly mediated via pstpip1 .	result
to address this possibility and extend data on the structural basis for pstpip-ptp-pest interaction ( 26 )	goal
gst fusion proteins containing full-length pstpip1 or either of its major protein-binding domains ( a coiled coil and an sh3 domain ) were assessed for capacity to precipitate ptp-pest from stimulated t cells .	method
results of this analysis revealed the interaction of ptp-pest with gst fusion proteins containing full-length pstpip1 or the pstpip1 coiled coil region alone , but not with gst-pstpip1 sh3 domain fusion protein ( fig. 4 c ) .	result
as pstpip has previously been shown to bind via its sh3 domain to wasp ( 5 )	result
these findings suggest that wasp and pst-pest interact via their mutual binding to pstpip .	implication
because these three proteins have each been implicated in actin cytoskeletal rearrangement ( 1 , 23 , 27 ) , the functional relevance of a trimolecular wasp-pstpip1-ptp-pest interaction was investigated	hypothesis
using fluorescence microscopy to evaluate the localization of these proteins with respect to one another and to actin .	method
as shown in fig. 4 d , rhodamine phalloidin staining of cos-7 cells expressing gfp-tagged wasp , pstpip1 , or ptp-pest revealed each of these proteins to be highly or entirely colocalized with actin structures	result
wasp being concentrated in actin-rich perinuclear aggregates , and pstpip1 and ptp-pest localizing to actin fibrillary networks spanning the cytoplasm .	result
coexpression of pstpip1 and ptp-pest revealed these protein	result
to be colocalized and distributed similarly as when expressed alone ( fig. 4 d , d ) .	result
when coexpressed with pstpip1 and ptp-pest , wasp also showed	result
a distribution pattern overlapping that of pstpip1/ptp-pest ( fig. 4 d , e ) .	result
thus , as shown for pstpip1 ( 5 ) , pstpip1/ptp-pest association with wasp appears	implication
to evoke wasp relocalization such that these three effectors colocalize within the actin cytoskeleton , as is suggestive of a biological role for pstpip1-mediated linkage of wasp to ptp-pest .	implication

we next examined the molecular mechanism by	method
which pi3k/akt influences f. novicida-induced cytokine response .	method
it has been previously reported	result
that f. novicida induces the activation of nfkappab , and that activation of this transcription factor may play an important role in the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines .	hypothesis
hence we wanted	hypothesis
to test the involvement of nfkappab in the secretion of il-12 , il-6 , and rantes in response to f. novicida infection , and the influence of pi3k on nfkappab activation .	hypothesis
for this , we first transiently transfected raw 264.7 cells with a construct encoding luciferase reporter gene under the influence of nfkappab binding ( nfkappab-luciferase construct ) .	method
twelve hours post transfection , cells were infected with f. novicida for the times indicated in figure 6a	method
and luciferase activity in the cell lysate was determined .	method
results indicated	result
that nfkappab activation is induced in response to f. novicida infection .	result

( a-c ) although wnt5a protein shows inhibitory activity in 293 cells	result
it does not inhibit the stf reporter in 293fz4 cells .	result
wnt5a-mediated inhibition is enhanced	result
when mror2 is stably expressed .	result
at 24 h post-transfection , 293 , 293fz4 , and 293ror2 cells were treated with wnt proteins for the indicated time points .	method
data are represented as relative light units ( rlus ) +/ - sd rather than as average fold change .	method

tata-binding protein-like protein ( tlp ) binds	fact
to transcription factor iia ( tfiia ) with high affinity , although the significance of this binding is poorly understood .	fact
in this study , we investigated the role of tfiia in transcriptional regulation of the p21waf1/cip1 ( p21 ) gene .	goal
it has been shown	fact
that tlp is indispensable for p53-activated transcription from an upstream tata-less promoter of the p21 gene .	fact
we found	result
that mutant tlps having decreased tfiia-binding ability exhibited weakened transcriptional activation function for the upstream promoter .	result
activity of the upstream promoter was enhanced considerably by an increased amount of tfiia in a p53-dependent manner ,	result
whereas activity of the tata-containing downstream promoter was enhanced only slightly .	result
tfiia potentiated the upstream promoter additively with tlp .	result
although tfiia is recruited to both promoters	result
activity of the upstream promoter was much more dependent on tfiia .	result
recruitment of tfiia and tlp to the upstream promoter was augmented in etoposide-treated cells , in which the amount of tfiia-tlp complex is increased	result
and tfiia-reactive tlp was required for the recruitment of both factors .	result
it was confirmed	result
that etoposide-stimulated transcription depends on tlp .	result
we also found	result
that tfiia-reactive tlp acts to decrease cell growth rate , which can be explained by interaction of the p21 promoter with the transcription factors that we examined .	result
the results of the present study suggest	implication
that the upstream tata-less promoter of p21 needs tfiia and tfiia-reactive tlp for p53-dependent transcriptional enhancement .	implication

we find that , similar to other wnt proteins that we have purified , the wnt5a protein is hydrophobic	implication
as it requires detergent to stay in solution and partitions in a detergent phase when subjected to extraction ( unpublished data ) [ 27 ] .	implication
we presume that the protein , like wnt3a , is modified by the covalent attachment of a palmitate	fact
but we have not examined this further .	fact
significantly , the cysteine residue	result
that is modified by palmitoylation in wnt3a is conserved in wnt5a , even after the internal cleavage of the protein .	result

finally ,	result
a recent study of mdc1-deficient mouse cells complemented with various mdc1 domain-deletion constructs showed the central repeat region of mdc1 and fha and brct2 domains are important for dsb repair by sister-chromatid recombination ( xie et al , 2007 ) .	result
this work also showed	result
that mdc1-dependent recruitment of brca1 and 53bp1 to irif was not required for this repair , or for 53bp1-dependent dsb repair by non-homologous end-joining .	implication
so far , a functional role for the marked redistribution of ddr factors to regions surrounding dsbs has not been defined .	problem
perhaps future studies using the mdc1 separation-of-function mutants created in this study will help	goal
to explain the different and possibly overlapping functional contributions made by recruiting brca1 , 53bp1 and the mrn complex to gammah2ax-associated chromatin .	goal

pex13p interacts with pex14p via its cooh-terminal sh3 domain ( albertini et al. , 1997 ; brocard et al. , 1997 )	fact
however , both proteins can interact with pex7p independently .	fact
the latter is in agreement with the assumption	fact
that pex13p and pex14p contribute to distinct docking sites for pex7p at the peroxisomal membrane .	fact
since	problem
pex14p is a peripheral membrane protein , two questions arise : how is it associated with the peroxisomal membrane , and does pex13p contribute to its localization ?	problem
in an attempt	none
to identify proteins required for the targeting and binding of pex14p to the peroxisomal membrane , we analyzed the subcellular localization of pex14p in different pex-mutant cells ( fig. 7 a ) .	method
the congruent fluorescence patterns for pex14p and the peroxisomal membrane marker pex11p in pex17delta cells indicate a peroxisomal localization of pex14p .	result
this observation suggests	implication
that pex17p is not required for the targeting of pex14p to the peroxisomal membrane .	implication
in contrast , no congruent fluorescence patterns were observed in pex13delta cells .	result
since the ha-tagged pex11p is known to be targeted to peroxisomal membrane ghosts in pex13delta cells ( erdmann and blobel , 1996 )	result
the lack of congruence suggests that the majority of pex14p is mislocalized .	implication
to confirm this result by independent means	goal
we performed a flotation of wild-type , pex13delta , and pex17delta homogenates in sucrose gradients ( fig. 7 b ) .	method
gradients were designed such	method
that peroxisomal membrane ghosts would float to the upper fractions of the gradient , whereas intact peroxisomes would predominantly remain in the loading zone .	method
in pex13delta cells , the peroxisomal membrane markers	result
pex3p and pex11p were predominantly found in fractions that correspond to the peroxisomal membrane ghosts .	result
however , pex14p was not detected in these fractions , but was found	result
to cosegregate with mitochondrial fumarase .	result
these data suggest	implication
that the peroxisomal membrane ghosts in pex13delta cells lack pex14p .	implication
thus , the presence of pex13p is a prerequisite for peroxisomal membrane association of pex14p .	implication
pex13p could be involved in targeting , or	hypothesis
it could be required for binding or retention of pex14p at the peroxisome .	hypothesis

using a recently developed quantitative proteomics technology for determining protein-protein interactions ( schulze and mann , 2004 )	method
we here present results of a first systematic profiling of phosphotyrosine-dependent interaction sites on the erbb-receptor family .	method
our screen resulted in novel and global insights into specificity and distribution of protein interaction sites by	result
giving a broad picture of the direct interaction partners of all phosphotyrosine residues of the erbb family members .	implication
the peptide-protein interaction screen turned out	result
to be extremely specific in the detection of primary interaction partners , and revealed that each of the receptors has distinct patterns of binding partners , indicating distinct roles in signaling events .	result
strikingly , egfr and erbb4 show high similarities in their phosphotyrosine interaction partners ,	result
suggesting integrative roles in signaling pathways of their respective ligands .	implication

rho-like gtpases are activated by guanine nucleotide dissociation stimulators ( gdss ) , also known as guanine nucleotide exchange factors .	fact
inactivation occurs by hydrolysis of bound gtp ,	fact
which is stimulated by interaction with gtpase activating proteins , while guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitors ( gdis ) lock the gtpases either in the active or in the inactive state ( boguski and mccormick , 1993 ) .	fact
the role of these regulators in the diverse signaling pathways mediated by rho-like proteins is largely unknown .	problem

in contrast to fyn , the ptk csk was found to associate with tyrosine-phosphorylated pag in all types of cells investigated by us .	result
this interaction involves a single tyrosine of pag ( y317 ) and is not mediated via fyn ( fig. 7 e ) .	result
together with the finding that pag strongly binds to the isolated sh2 domain of csk in vitro ( fig. 7 a ) , this suggests	result
that the interaction between pag and csk is mediated directly via the sh2 domain of csk and y317 of pag .	implication
however , a possibility can not be ruled out	hypothesis
that an as yet unidentified molecule expressed in cos cells ( and in lymphocytes ) mediates the association between pag and csk .	hypothesis
potential candidates might be the tyrosine phosphatases protein tyrosine phosphatase ( ptp ) -pest or pest-containing phosphatase ( pep ) ,	hypothesis
which have been shown to bind to the sh3 domain of csk 5051 .	hypothesis
however , this possibility is unlikely ,	hypothesis
because neither of these phosphatases possess sh2 domains that would allow them to bind pag in a phosphotyrosine-dependent manner .	hypothesis

although activated cdc42 can bind wasp and trigger wasp vca domain-mediated arp2/3 activity ( 2 , 3 ) , it is unclear	fact
whether this interaction is required and/or solely responsible for induction of wasp effector function after tcr stimulation .	problem
to address this issue , the relevance of the gbd-cdc42 interaction to wasp effects on t cell activation was studied	goal
using mice in which a cd2 promoter/enhancer-driven wasp cdna lacking the gbd ( waspdeltagbd ; fig. 1 a ) was expressed on the c57bl/6 was-/ - background .	method
after confirmation	result
that the waspdeltagbd species does not bind activated cdc42 ( fig. 1 b ) and demonstration that the waspdeltagbd transgene is expressed in t lineage cells ( fig. 1 c ) , was-/-deltagbd mice were characterized with respect to t cell phenotype and function .	result
in contrast to was-/ - mice ,	result
in which thymocyte and peripheral t cell numbers are markedly reduced and thymocyte maturation impaired ( 18 ) , the was-/-deltagbd mice showed no defects in either t cell numbers or development ( not depicted ) .	result
analysis of tcr-induced proliferation also revealed proliferative responses to anti-cd3 antibody or anti-cd3 and anti-cd28 antibodies	result
to be essentially comparable in was-/-deltagbd and control thymocytes and peripheral t cells , and markedly reduced in was-/ - cells ( fig. 1 d ) .	result
similarly , immunofluorescence analysis of fitc phalloidin-stained was-/-deltagbd thymocytes revealed cd3/cd28-induced actin polymerization , which is abrogated in was-/ - cells ,	result
to be essentially normal in was-/-deltagbd cells ( fig. 1 e ) .	result
together , these observations indicate	implication
the coupling of tcr engagement to proliferation and actin polymerization to be unaffected by absence of the wasp gbd and thus imply that wasp effects on tcr-induced transcriptional activation and cytoskeletal arrangement can be evoked by mechanisms other than cdc42-gbd interaction .	implication

the two-hybrid interaction of the complete pex13p with pex14p is only detected by histidine prototrophy ( fig. 4 b ) ,	result
indicating that regions nh2-terminal of the sh3 domain of pex13p may weaken the interaction of these proteins in the two-hybrid system .	implication

the critical role for wasp y291 phosphorylation in linking tcr engagement to actin polymerization implies	result
that wasp effects on actin-mediated processes associated with t cell activation are also dependent on its phosphorylation at this site .	implication
to address this possibility , the effects of y291f mutation on wasp capacity	goal
to promote immunological synapse formation after tcr stimulation were investigated using t cells from was-/ - mice expressing a tcr transgene ( ot-ii ) that specifically recognizes an epitope of ova .	method
for those studies , was-/-/ot-ii t cells transfected with wild-type or the tyrosine-mutated wasp cdnas were stimulated with ova-pulsed apcs and	method
synapse formation was then evaluated using immunofluorescence microscopy to monitor accumulation of polymerized actin and pkc-theta at the t cell-apc interface of developing conjugates .	method
as is consistent with the essential role identified for wasp in synapse development ( 5 )	result
actin and pkc-theta accumulation indicative of synapse formation at the t cell-apc contact site was absent in was-/-/ot-ii cells , but was fully restored by expression of wild-type wasp ( fig. 2 f , a and b ) .	result
induction of synapse formation in these cells was also restored by expression of wasp y102f ( fig. 2 f , c ) and all other wasp tyrosine mutants ( not depicted ) with the exception of waspy291f ,	result
the latter of which translocated to the synaptic region after cell stimulation , but failed to evoke the actin reorganization and pkc-theta localization within this region that demarcate synapse formation ( fig. 2 f , d ) .	result
these data suggest	implication
that wasp translocation to the t cell-apc contact zone occurs independently of its tyrosine phosphorylation , whereas formation of the immunological synapse after tcr engagement requires not only wasp , but also phosphorylation of wasp at y291 .	implication
together , these findings reveal phosphorylation at the y291 site	implication
to be critical for activation of wasp effector function in t cells and thus imply that this modification enables the release of wasp from autoinhibitory structural constraints .	implication

the experiments presented above led	implication
us to propose that activation of the p42/p44 mapk pathway triggers the neosynthesis of short-lived proteins that contribute to the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	hypothesis
a prediction of this proposal is	hypothesis
that the stabilization of short-lived proteins should prolong the nuclear accumulation of p42/p44 mapk .	hypothesis

it is well known that egfr functions as an integration site for different stimuli ( hackel et al , 1999 ; zwick et al , 1999 ) .	fact
thus , redundancy of binding sites and a great diversity of different binding partners is not unexpected .	implication
our data suggest	implication
that erbb4 may serve a similar role during signaling through neuregulin-induced pathways .	implication
this idea is supported by findings of overexpression studies ,	method
in which egfr dimerizes preferably with erbb2 and erbb3 , while erbb4 dimerizes with erbb2 and erbb3 , but to a lesser extent with egfr ( olayioye et al , 2000 ) .	result
in this respect , it should be kept in mind	result
that erbb2 has a nonfunctional extracellular ligand-binding domain and is a common dimerization partner of other members of the erbb family ( graus-porta et al , 1997 ) .	result
in contrast , erbb3 has an inactive kinase domain ;	result
thus , transphosphorylation in different heterodimers may lead to phosphorylation of different sites in erbb3 .	hypothesis

our data indicate	result
that dimer formation between raga/b and ragc/d is important for torc1 activation .	implication
within the dimer , the function of raga/b is dominant .	result
in other words , raga q66l dominantly activates and	implication
raga t21n dominantly inhibits torc1 regardless of the nucleotide binding status of the ragc/d in the complex .	implication
nevertheless , ragc/d is likely	hypothesis
to be critical for the dimer function , given the effects of dragc knockdown in s2 cells and the phenotypes of dragc mutant animals .	hypothesis
interestingly , the yeast gtr1 and gtr2 need	fact
to be in gtp-bound and gdp-bound status , respectively , to function26 .	fact
our results suggest	result
that the relationship between raga and ragc is similar to that between gtr1 and gtr2 .	implication
in addition , ragc may have a gtpase-independent role in	hypothesis
stabilizing raga and may regulate raga localization or activity , or aid in torc1 activation .	hypothesis

to prepare embryonic fibroblasts ( efs )	goal
embryonic stem cells with the disrupted irak gene were injected into c57bl/6j blastocysts and transferred to pseudopregnant mice .	method
embryos at day 15 of gestation were harvested .	method
fibroblast cell suspensions were prepared by trypsin treatment of the minced embryonic tissues .	method
fibroblasts derived from embryonic stem cells were enriched by	method
culturing in dmem with 10 % fcs and 1 mg/ml g418 .	method
fibroblasts after 3-4 wk of culture with g418 were used in these studies .	method
control ef cells with the wild-type irak gene were prepared from embryos of cd8-deficient mice ( 26 ) .	method
to prepare skin fibroblasts ( sfs )	goal
mouse body skin was shaved , cut into small pieces , and then subjected to trypsin treatment .	method
sfs in cell suspensions were cultured in dmem with 10 % fcs .	method

how p42 and p44 mapks dissociate from the cytoplasmic anchoring complex upon activation and enter the nucleus	problem
is not entirely clear .	problem
one interesting idea proposed by seger 's group ( 23 ) is that upon serum stimulation , the mek-mapk complex translocates to the nucleus	fact
where , following dissociation , only mek is rapidly excluded via its active nuclear export signal sequence .	fact
alternatively , the model	hypothesis
we favor , also proposed by fukuda et al. ( 15 ) , is a rapid dissociation of mapk in the cytoplasm after retrophosphorylation of the anchoring complex via p42/p44 mapk .	hypothesis
subsequent to this dissociation , mapks could easily translocate to the nucleus via simple diffusion ,	hypothesis
as illustrated by nishida 's group ( 15 ) , although a cotransport involving association of mapks with their nls-containing substrates can not be excluded .	hypothesis
this model is not in contradiction with a previous observation	implication
that we and others have made concerning the ability of nonphosphorylatable mutants of p42/p44 mapk to translocate to the nucleus upon mitogenic stimulation ( 18 , 27 ) .	implication
under these circumstances , the endogenous mapk activity is still capable of	fact
regulating the dissociation of the inactive kinase from the cytoplasmic complex .	fact
alternatively , a third model has been recently presented by khokhlatchev et al. ( 26 ) .	hypothesis
the authors propose	hypothesis
that phosphorylation of erk2 ( p42 mapk ) promotes its homodimerization and nuclear translocation .	hypothesis
although interesting	method
this model based on microinjection studies in fibroblasts awaits validation in vivo by an independent approach .	method

the competition between e3b1 and grb2 for the same binding site on sos-1 implies	implication
that an individual sos-1 molecule can only be part of one gef complex at a time .	implication
however , different pools of sos-1 , either bound to grb2 or to e3b1 , could exist in vivo .	hypothesis
we tried	goal
to gain insight into this issue .	goal
we showed	result
that biacore measurements revealed similar kinetic parameters for the sh3-mediated s/g and s/e interactions ( fig. 2 d ) .	result
however , when we measured the relative abundance of s/g and s/e complexes within the cell , we found a 10-fold excess of the former ( fig. 5 a ) , under conditions	result
in which quantitative immunoprecipitation of the adaptor molecules , grb2 and e3b1 , was achieved ( fig. 5 a ) .	result
thus , the data indicate	implication
that two pools of sos-1 , associated with different adaptors , exist simultaneously in the cell .	implication
they further suggest	implication
that the pool of e3b1 , available for binding to sos-1 , is reduced relative to that of grb2 , and may be rate-limiting .	implication
indeed , overexpression of e3b1 resulted in increased pak65 activity , an indicator of rac activation ( manser et al. , 1994 ) ( fig. 5 b ) ,	result
which was abrogated by a dominant negative rac mutant ( fig. 5 b ) .	result
on the other hand , overexpression of sos-1 did not lead to increased pak65 activity .	result
an additional corollary of this hypothesis is	hypothesis
that the overexpression of e3b1 , by facilitating the formation of a trimeric complex with eps8 and sos-1 , should directly lead to activation of rac .	hypothesis
to test this prediction e3b1 or a mutant of e3b1 ( e3b1-dy ) ,	goal
bearing alanine substitutions of the dy residues critical for the interaction with eps8 ( mongiovi et al. , 1999 ) , were used to infect wild-type and eps8-/ - fibroblasts .	method
the levels of gtp-bound rac were then determined by in vitro binding assays using the immobilized crib domain of pak65 ( manser et al. , 1994 ) .	method
e3b1 , but not the e3b1 mutant impaired in eps8 binding , caused a readily detectable increase in rac-gtp levels in wild type , but not in eps8-/ - fibroblasts ( fig. 5 c ) .	result
thus ,	implication
the overexpression of e3b1 is sufficient to activate rac and this effect is strictly dependent on eps8 .	implication

polyclonal rabbit antiserum to irak was raised against a peptide ( bio-synthesis , inc. , lewisville , tx ) corresponding to the cooh-terminal amino acids ( 657-677 ) of mouse irak protein ( 25 ) .	method

next we analyzed the effect of peli1 deficiency on tlr-mediated gene induction in vitro .	method
for these studies , we prepared primary murine embryonic fibroblasts ( mefs ) from peli1+/+ and peli1-/ - littermate embryos ( dissected from the same pregnant females ) .	method
stimulation of peli1+/+ mefs by lps and poly ( i : c ) led to the induction of tnf gene expression ( fig. 2a ) .	result
consistent with the in vivo studies , induction of tnf by both lps and poly ( i : c ) was severely inhibited in the peli1-/ - mefs .	result
peli1 was also essential for lps - and poly ( i : c ) -stimulated expression of another proinflammatory gene , il-12p40 ( fig. 2a ) .	result
on the other hand , peli1 is not a universal signaling component of the tlr pathway ,	implication
as it was not required for lps - and poly ( i : c ) -stimulated expression of ifn-beta and an ifn-responsive gene , cxcl10 , which encodes the interferon-inducible protein-10 ( ip-10 ) 28 ( fig. 2a ) .	result
real-time pcr and elisa studies using bone marrow derived	result
macrophages revealed that peli1 was critical for il-12p40 induction by lps and poly ( i : c ) and was partially required for il-12p40 induction by cpg ( fig. 2b , c ) .	result
in addition , in bone marrow-derived dendritic cells and b cells , poly ( i : c ) -stimulated proinflammatory gene expression was severely attenuated in the absence of peli ( fig. 2d , e ) .	result
however , peli1 deficiency did not appreciably affect gene induction by several other tlr ligands , including pam3csk4 ( tlr1-tlr2 ) , r837 ( tlr7 , tlr8 ) , and malp2 ( tlr2-tlr6 ) ( supplementary fig. 4 ) .	result
thus , peli1 is required for pro-inflammatory cytokine gene induction predominantly by lps and poly ( i : c ) .	implication

this study reveals striking similarities between egfr and erbb4 with respect to their interaction partners and the distribution of specific binding sites at the c-terminal end of the receptors .	implication
egfr and erbb4 , the two fully functional receptor tyrosine kinases of the family , are also the two receptors	implication
that were found to have the greatest diversity of interaction partners .	implication
both receptors contain redundant binding sites for grb2	fact
and both receptors were found to bind stat5 .	result
however , egfr was unique in	result
having a binding site for cbl , which did not interact with any of the other receptor bait peptides .	result

an early event after expression of oncogenic ras is the generation of membrane ruffles and a reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton , i.e. , stress fibers disappear	fact
whereas f-actin accumulates at the cell periphery ( bar-sagi and feramisco , 1986 ; ridley et al. , 1992 ; rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 ) .	fact
evidence for an implication of rac-1 in ras-mediated reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton has been presented ( ridley et al. , 1992 ; rodriguez-viciana et al. , 1994 ) .	implication
the data described so far suggest	implication
that the atypical pkc isotypes lambda and zeta are also involved in this process .	implication
it appeared interesting , therefore ,	hypothesis
to investigate whether they act within the ras/rac pathway and if they do , whether their position within this pathway can be identified .	hypothesis

the fact that all binding partners identified contained either sh2 - or	result
ptb-domains emphasizes the specificity of signal transduction modules ( pawson and nash , 2003 ) , combined with the observation that phosphotyrosines that were not expected to have binding partners did not show any proteins with significant ratios .	implication
this is in contrast to other protein-protein interaction screens , especially in large-scale format ( von mering et al , 2002 )	implication
and we conclude that assay is extremely specific and capable of confirming known binding motifs and detecting new target sequences .	implication

pcrs and selection for geneticin resistance of transformants were performed according to wach et al. ( 1994 ) .	method
authenticity of each gene deletion by integration of the kanmx4 gene was confirmed by pcr .	method

our data and published literature highlight a much more complex scenario .	problem
first , it is difficult	problem
to conceive how rac activation could be exclusively ras dependent .	problem
in some cell lines , such as swiss 3t3 , rtk-induced rac activation is apparently ras independent ( ridley et al. , 1992 ) .	fact
in addition , even in those cell lines in which a dominant negative ras mutant can suppress ruffle formation , the inhibition is never quantitative ( a maximum of 65 +/ -	result
5 % sem inhibition of pdgf-induced ruffling was observed in mouse embryo fibroblasts microinjected with a ras dominant negative mutant ) ( scita , g. , personal communication ) .	result
second , our kinetic data revealed	result
that rac activation persists long after the return to basal levels of ras-gtp , a finding not immediately reconcilable with a simple and unique ras -- > rac pathway .	result
it seems therefore	hypothesis
that multiple mechanisms could lead to rac activation from stimulated rtk ( fig. 9 ) .	hypothesis

while we investigated the effects of ptp-pest targeting in cell migration , another protein involved with the actin cytoskeleton , pstpip , was cloned and shown	method
to be a substrate for a ptp of the pest family , ptp-hscf ( spencer et al. , 1997 ) .	result
a putative coiled-coil region of pstpip interacts with the cooh-terminal , proline-rich region of ptp-hscf ( dowbenko et al. , 1998 ) , a region	fact
that is conserved in all members of the pest family , including ptp-pest .	fact

we next examined the role of peli1 in the activation of nf-kappab in b cells .	method
as seen in mefs	result
the peli1 deficiency markedly inhibited poly ( i : c ) -stimulated activation of nf-kappab ( fig. 4c ) and ikk ( fig. 4d ) .	result
the loss of peli1 also partially inhibited lps-stimulated nf-kappab activation .	result
however , peli1 was largely dispensable for nf-kappab activation by cpg and anti-igm ( fig. 4c ) .	result
a similar result was obtained in splenocytes ,	result
in which peli1 was required for ikk activation by poly ( i : c ) but not by other tlr ligands ( fig. 4e ) .	result
notably , the effect of peli1 deficiency on lps-stimulated ikk activation was not appreciable in splenocytes .	result
these results further suggest a role for peli1 in	implication
mediating ikk-nf-kappab activation by the trif-dependent tlrs , particularly tlr3 .	implication

to determine whether fyn directly phosphorylates wasp	goal
the effects of fyn on the wasp phosphorylation state were assessed using an in vitro kinase assay .	method
as shown in fig. 3 f , fyn immunoprecipitates from activated t cells induced the tyrosine phosphorylation of wasp	result
but neither waspdeltapro nor waspy291f mutant proteins were phosphorylated in this assay .	result
these findings suggest	implication
that fyn-mediated wasp phosphorylation requires the physical association of these proteins and that it is y291 and no other wasp tyrosine residue that is targeted by fyn during t cell activation .	implication

trf2 was overexpressed in imr90 primary fibroblasts using a retroviral vector .	method
under these conditions , trf2 saturates its telomeric binding sites and is present in the nucleoplasm .	result
while control imr90 cells showed the expected reduction in mitotic index after ionizing radiation ( ir )	result
trf2 overexpression partially abrogated this checkpoint response , increasing the percentage of cells entering mitosis from 0.3 % to 8 % ( figure 1 ) .	result
the inappropriate entry into mitosis is indicative of a failure of the cell cycle checkpoints .	implication
since cell cycle arrest after ir largely depends on atm ( reviewed in shiloh 2003 )	fact
we asked whether trf2 was acting on this kinase .	hypothesis
caffeine , an inhibitor of atm and the related kinase atr , suppressed ir-induced arrest to a similar extent as trf2 ( figure 1 ) .	result
furthermore , caffeine had	result
no additional effect on the ability of trf2-overexpressing cells to bypass the dsb checkpoint , suggesting that trf2 and caffeine target the same step in the response pathway .	implication

the host cell responses to f. tularensis infection are not clearly understood .	problem
interleukin ( il ) -12 and ifngamma have been reported	implication
to be critical for immunity against francisella infection [ 9 ] .	implication
although natural killer ( nk ) cells are thought to be the major source of ifngamma	fact
il-12 is produced by infected macrophages [ 10 ] .	fact
further , il-12 also appears	fact
to strongly induce ifngamma production .	fact
attesting to the importance of il-12 in immunity against f. tularensis lvs infection , il-12 knockout animals , or animals treated with il-12 neutralizing antibodies are unable to clear the bacteria [ 11 ] .	result
macrophages also produce several other pro-inflammatory cytokines/chemokines upon infection [ 8,12,13 ] .	result
intracellular signaling molecules involved in macrophage response to francisella are not well defined .	problem
although pathways involving nfkappab and the mapks p38 and jnk have been reported to be activated during f. tularensis lvs infection	result
the exact role of these signaling pathways in macrophage responses is not clear [ 13 ] .	problem
